,char1,char2,quote
0,Haggo,Varamyr,"Men may eat  the flesh of beasts and beasts the flesh of men, but the man who eats the flesh of man is an  abomination."
1,Chett,Jacelyn,"A mercy,"
2,Chett,Varamyr,"I sewed it up the best I could,but you  need to rest and let it mend, or the flesh will tear open again."
3,Mance,Varamyr,"Harmas dead and Mance is captured, the rest run off and left us,Tormund, the Weeper, Sixskins, all them brave raiders.Where are they  now?"
4,Chett,Varamyr,"We must seek  the sea,"
5,Mance,Varamyr,"His mother,It were his mothers cloak, and when he saw you robbing her She was dead,Someone smashed  her head.Some crow.No crow."
6,Mance,Varamyr,I saw it.
7,Mance,Varamyr,"Savages, and  whos left to tame them?"
8,Haggo,Varamyr,"You will die a dozen deaths, boy, and every one will  hurt  but when your true death comes, you will live again.The second life is simpler and sweeter, they  say."
9,Chett,Varamyr,"Catch,Burn."
10,Chett,Varamyr,"Thistle,Thistle!"
11,Haggo,Varamyr,"Wait,I will be back with food."
12,Haggo,Varamyr,"She  is just some ugly spearwife,I am a great man.I am Varamyr, the warg, the  skinchanger, it is not right that she should live and I should die."
13,Haggo,Varamyr,"You belong with your own kind,"
14,Chett,Varamyr,"Thistle,Thistle."
15,Chett,Varamyr,Where are you?
16,Chett,Haggo,"Wolves and women wed for life,You take one, thats a marriage."
17,Chett,Haggo,Both of you will change.
18,Chett,Haggo,"Some skins you  never want to wear, boy.You wont like what youd become."
19,Chett,Haggo,Men were not meant to leave the earth.
20,Haggo,Varamyr,"Even in their own skins,  they sit moony, staring up at the bloody blue."
21,Haggo,Mance,"The world beyond the  Wall is not for our kind,The free folk fear skinchangers, but they honor us as well.South of the Wall, the kneelers hunt us down and butcher us like pigs."
22,Haggo,Varamyr,"They say you forget,When the  mans flesh dies, his spirit lives on inside the beast, but every day his memory fades, and the beast  becomes a little less a warg, a little more a wolf, until nothing of the man is left and only the beast  remains."
23,Chett,Varamyr,"That was the beast, not me,That was the gift you gave me."
24,Chett,Jacelyn,"Your little one is with the gods now,Hell  never hurt again, never hunger, never cry."
25,Chett,Jacelyn,Hell be the world and all thats in it.
26,Haggo,Varamyr,"Get up,get up, we have to go."
27,Haggo,Varamyr,"Get up,theyre coming."
28,Haggo,Varamyr,"Get out, get out!"
29,Chett,Tyrion,"The world is full of wine,"
30,Jaime,Tyrion,Is this Dornish wine?
31,Jaime,Tyrion,"It reminds  me of a certain snake I knew.A droll fellow, till a mountain fell on him."
32,Jaime,Tyrion,Have I offended you?
33,Jaime,Tyrion,Were you commanded not to talk to me?Or did some dwarf diddle your mother?
34,Jaime,Tyrion,Where are we sailing?Tell me that.
35,Myrcella,Tyrion,Is it Braavos?
36,Myrcella,Tyrion,Myr?
37,Janos,Tyrion,Have you ever visited the pleasure  houses of Lys?
38,Janos,Tyrion,Might that be where whores go?
39,Tyrion,Tywin,"Wherever whores go,"
40,Tyrion,Varys,"Ive killed my father,Ive  stubbed my toe."
41,Tyrion,Tysha,"You should  not have climbed that ladder,Wherever whores go."
42,Tysha,Varys,"I killed Shae too,You knew what she was.I did.But I never knew what he was."
43,Tysha,Varys,And now you do.
44,Chett,Tyrion,"Such are the wages of the kinslayer,"
45,Chett,Tyrion,"A drunken dwarf,A rotting sea cow."
46,Tyrion,Varys,You are insolent.I like that in a dwarf.
47,Tyrion,Varys,"Are you hungry, my little friend?Weary?Thirsty."
48,Tyrion,Varys,And filthy.
49,Tyrion,Varys,"A bath first, just so."
50,Tyrion,Varys,My servants shall see  to it.
51,Tyrion,Varys,"My house is yours.Any friend of my friend across the  water is a friend to Illyrio Mopatis, yes."
52,Illyrio,Tyrion,"This is  Pentos, yes?Just so.Where else?"
53,Illyrio,Tyrion,Where do whores go?
54,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Whores are found in brothels here, as in Westeros."
55,Illyrio,Tyrion,None will dare refuse you.Slaves?
56,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Slavery is forbidden in Pentos, by the terms of the treaty the Braavosi imposed on  us a hundred years ago.Still, they will not refuse you."
57,Illyrio,Tyrion,"But now my  little friend must excuse me.I have the honor to be a magister of this great city, and the prince has  summoned us to session."
58,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Explore the manse  and grounds as you like, but on no account stray beyond the walls.It is best that no man knows that you  were here.Were?Have I gone somewhere?Time enough to speak of that this evening.My little friend and I shall eat and drink and make  great plans, yes?Yes, my fat friend,"
59,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Spice soldiers and cheese lords,"
60,Tysha,Tywin,"Wherever whores go,"
61,Joffrey,Tyrion,"Good morrow to you, fair ladies,Do you know where whores go?"
62,Chett,Tyrion,Would you like some wine?
63,Chett,Tyrion,"I have no cup for you, well have to share."
64,Myrcella,Tyrion,"Tell me, how far should  I trust Magister Illyrio?"
65,Myrcella,Tyrion,That far?
66,Myrcella,Tyrion,"I am loath to play whatever part the cheesemonger has in mind for me, yet how can I  refuse him?"
67,Illyrio,Myrcella,"Ah, but where would we  live?"
68,Illyrio,Myrcella,"I have a niece in  Sunspear, did I tell you?"
69,Illyrio,Myrcella,"I could set my  niece and nephew at war, wouldnt that be droll?"
70,Illyrio,Myrcella,"I should be ashamed to think such evil thoughts, youre quite right."
71,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Do you think I might stand  taller in black, my lady?"
72,Illyrio,Tyrion,What do you say?
73,Illyrio,Tyrion,Shall I atone for old  sins or make some new ones?
74,Tyrion,Tywin,Where do whores go?
75,Tyrion,Tywin,"Wherever whores go,"
76,Chett,Tyrion,"My lord,your bath awaits."
77,Shae,Tyrion,"Do I dream, or do you speak  the Common Tongue?Yes, my lord.I was bought to please the king."
78,Shae,Tyrion,I am sure you did.I need a cup of wine.
79,Shae,Tyrion,Magister Illyrio said that I am to scrub your back and warm your bed.  Do you know where whores go?
80,Shae,Tyrion,"Whores sell  themselves for coin.Or jewels, or gowns, or castles.But where do they go?"
81,Shae,Tyrion,"Is it a riddle, mlord?"
82,Shae,Tyrion,Will you tell  me the answer?
83,Shae,Tyrion,I will tell you nothing.Do me the same favor.
84,Shae,Tysha,You mentioned a bath?We must not keep the great cheesemonger waiting.
85,Tyrion,Tysha,Will my  lord want me after he has eaten?
86,Tyrion,Tysha,No.I am done with women.
87,Tyrion,Tysha,"If mlord would prefer a boy, I can have  one waiting in his bed."
88,Tyrion,Tysha,Only if he knows where  whores go.
89,Tyrion,Tywin,"I believe I have changed my mind,Wait for me abed."
90,Tyrion,Tywin,Keep your mouth shut and your thighs open and the two of  us should get on splendidly.
91,Tyrion,Tywin,Do you moan when you are being fucked?
92,Tyrion,Tywin,If it please mlord.It might please mlord to strangle you.
93,Illyrio,Tyrion,"He has a hundred more like you, but no one else like me."
94,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Come sit, my little friend."
95,Illyrio,Tyrion,Did you enjoy the girl I sent you?
96,Illyrio,Tyrion,If I had wanted a girl I would have asked for  one.If she failed to please She did all that was required of her.I would hope so.
97,Illyrio,Tyrion,"The king enjoyed her  greatly.I kill kings, hadnt you heard?"
98,Illyrio,Tyrion,I want no royal leavings.As you wish.Let us eat.
99,Illyrio,Tyrion,There are troubles in the east.
100,Illyrio,Tyrion,Ghiscari slave cities that were old when the world was young.
101,Illyrio,Tyrion,Slavers Bay is a long way from Pentos.
102,Illyrio,Tyrion,"This is so,but the world is one great web, and a man dare not touch a single  strand lest all the others tremble."
103,Illyrio,Tyrion,"No, something  better."
104,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Mushrooms,Kissed with garlic and bathed in butter."
105,Illyrio,Tyrion,Have two.
106,Illyrio,Mag,"After you, my lord."
107,Illyrio,Mag,"No, no."
108,Illyrio,Tyrion,After you.
109,Illyrio,Tyrion,Cook made them specially for you.Did she indeed?
110,Illyrio,Tyrion,"That was kind of her, but  no."
111,Illyrio,Tyrion,You are too suspicious.
112,Illyrio,Tyrion,Are you craven?I had not heard that of you.In the Seven Kingdoms it is considered a grave breach of hospitality to poison your guest at  supper.Here as well.
113,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Yet when a guest plainly wishes to end  his own life, why, his host must oblige him, no?"
114,Illyrio,Tyrion,Magister Ordello was poisoned by a   mushroom not half a year ago.
115,Illyrio,Tyrion,Why die with the taste of blood in your mouth when it could be butter and garlic?
116,Mag,Tyrion,"You mistake me,Is it so?"
117,Mag,Tyrion,"Drowning cup by cup wastes time and wine both.You mistake me,"
118,Mag,Tyrion,"I have no wish to die, I promise you."
119,Mag,Tyrion,"You have nothing,but we can change that."
120,Mag,Tyrion,Delicious.The mushrooms are not poisoned.
121,Mag,Tyrion,No.Why should I wish you ill?
122,Illyrio,Mag,"We must show a little trust, you  and I.Come, eat."
123,Illyrio,Mag,We have work to do.My little friend must keep his  strength up.
124,Chett,Tyrion,You drink a deal of wine for such a little man.Kinslaying is dry work.It gives a man a thirst.
125,Chett,Tyrion,"There are those in Westeros who  would say that killing Lord Lannister was merely a good beginning.They had best not say it in my sisters hearing, or they will find themselves short a tongue."
126,Illyrio,Tyrion,"And you had best be careful what you say of my family, magister.Kinslayer or no, I am a lion still."
127,Jon,Rory,
128,Illyrio,Tyrion,Would you like to share a cage with them?
129,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Very  well,A Lannister is not a lion.Yet I am still my fathers son, and Jaime and Cersei are  mine to kill.How odd that you should mention your fair sister,The queen has  offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head, no matter how humble his birth."
130,Illyrio,Tyrion,"If you mean to take her up on it, make her spread  her legs for you as well.The best part of me for the best part of her, thats a fair trade.I would sooner have mine own weight in gold."
131,Illyrio,Tyrion,"All the gold in Casterly Rock, why not?The gold I grant you,but the Rock is mine.Just so."
132,Illyrio,Tyrion,Do you think King  Stannis will give it to you?
133,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Your brother wears the white cloak, so  you are heir by all the laws of Westeros.Stannis might well grant me Casterly Rock,"
134,Illyrio,Tyrion,But why  would you think I mean to join Lord Stannis?Why else would you go the Wall?Stannis is at the Wall?
135,Illyrio,Tyrion,"What in seven bloody hells is Stannis doing  at the Wall?Shivering, I would think."
136,Illyrio,Tyrion,Perhaps he should have sailed that way.
137,Illyrio,Tyrion,"My niece Myrcella is in Dorne, as it happens.And I have half a  mind to make her a queen."
138,Illyrio,Tyrion,"What has this poor child done to you that you would wish her dead?Even a kinslayer is not required to slay all his kin,Queen her, I said.Not kill her."
139,Myrcella,Tyrion,In Volantis they use a coin with a crown on one face  and a deaths-head on the other.
140,Myrcella,Tyrion,"If you are as clever as our friend insists, you know this."
141,Illyrio,Mag,"Futile gestures are all that remain to me.This one would make my sister weep  bitter tears, at least."
142,Illyrio,Mag,"The road to  Casterly Rock does not go through Dorne, my little friend."
143,Illyrio,Mag,"Yet there is  such a road, I tell you.I am an attainted traitor, a regicide, and kinslayer."
144,Illyrio,Mag,"What one king does, another may undo."
145,Illyrio,Stannis,On the first day of  each new year he must deflower the maid of the fields and the maid of the seas.
146,Illyrio,Stannis,"Yet should a crop fail or a war be lost, we cut his throat to appease the gods and  choose a new prince from amongst the forty families.Remind me never to become the Prince of Pentos.Are your Seven Kingdoms so different?"
147,Stannis,Tommen,"When men are starving and sick of fear, they look for a savior.They may look, but if all they find is Stannis...Not Stannis."
148,Stannis,Tommen,Another.
149,Myrcella,Tyrion,A savior come from across the sea to  bind up the wounds of bleeding Westeros.Fine words.
150,Myrcella,Tyrion,Words are wind.Who is this bloody savior?A dragon.
151,Myrcella,Tyrion,A dragon with  three heads.
152,Daenerys,Missandei,"Your Grace,there is no  need for you to see this.He died for me."
153,Jhiqui,Missandei,"Khaleesi,you must not touch the dead man."
154,Irri,Jhiqui,"That is known.It is known,"
155,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Your Grace,there was a harpy drawn on the bricks in the alley where he  was found  drawn in blood."
156,Chett,Daenerys,"Grey Worm, why was this man alone?Had he  no partner?"
157,Chett,Daenerys,"My queen,your servant Stalwart Shield had no duty last night."
158,Barristan,Grey Worm,"What could a  eunuch hope to find in a brothel?Even those who lack a mans parts may still have a mans heart, Your Grace,This one has been told that your servant Stalwart Shield sometimes gave coin to the women of the  brothels to lie with him and hold him."
159,Barristan,Grey Worm,"Stalwart Shield,That was his  name?If it please Your Grace.It is a fine name."
160,Barristan,Daenerys,"Is it known how many attackers fell upon Stalwart Shield?This one does not know.Many.Six or more,From the look of his wounds, they swarmed him from all  sides."
161,Barristan,Daenerys,It may be that he wounded some of his attackers.
162,Barristan,Daenerys,"Why did they cut open his cheeks like that?Gracious queen,his killers had forced the genitals of a goat down the throat  of your servant Stalwart Shield."
163,Barristan,Daenerys,"The Sons  grow bolder,"
164,Daenerys,Jhiqui,"This is the first of my soldiers they have slain.The first,but not the last."
165,Grey Worm,Jhiqui,"Stalwart Shield shall not be forgotten.Have him washed and dressed for battle and bury  him with cap and shield and spears.It shall be as Your Grace commands,Send men to the Temple of the Graces and ask if any man has come to the Blue Graces with a  sword wound."
166,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Inquire of the butchers and the herdsmen, and learn who has been gelding goats of late."
167,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Henceforth, no man of mine walks alone after dark.These ones shall obey."
168,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Find these cowards for me.Find them, so that I might teach the  Harpys Sons what it means to wake the dragon."
169,Barristan,Daenerys,"Your Grace,I fear your eunuchs are ill  suited for the tasks you set them."
170,Barristan,Daenerys,"The Unsullied  are my finest warriors.Soldiers, not warriors, if it please Your Grace."
171,Barristan,Daenerys,"Their training  teaches them to obey, fearlessly, perfectly, without thought or hesitation  not to unravel secrets or ask  questions.Would knights serve me any better?"
172,Chett,Daenerys,"Not in this,And Your Grace has no knights, save me.It will be years  before the boys are ready.Then who, if not Unsullied?Dothraki would be even worse."
173,Daario,Daenerys,"When the Stormcrows return from  Lhazar, perhaps I can use them in the streets,but until then I have only the  Unsullied."
174,Daario,Daenerys,"You must excuse me, ser."
175,Daario,Daenerys,"Summon Reznak and the Shavepate, Ill see them when  Im dressed.As Your Grace commands."
176,Daenerys,Jorah,"Youre lazy,"
177,Irri,Jorah,You should be hunting  with your brothers.Have you and Drogon been fighting again?
178,Daenerys,Galazza,"The Mother of Dragons must don the tokar or be forever hated,In the wools of Westeros or a gown of Myrish lace, Your Radiance shall forever remain  a stranger amongst us, a grotesque outlander, a barbarian conqueror.Meereens queen must be a lady   of Old Ghis."
179,Galazza,Jhiqui,"Man wants  to be the king o the rabbits, he best wear a pair o floppy ears."
180,Irri,Reznak,"I am ready,"
181,Reznak,Skahaz,"Great queen,you are so radiant today I fear to look on you."
182,Daenerys,Skahaz,"You are kind to say so,My queen,"
183,Daenerys,Skahaz,We were told about the eunuch.His name was Stalwart Shield.More will die unless the murderers are punished.
184,Daenerys,Skahaz,How can I punish them when I do not know who they are?
185,Daenerys,Skahaz,"Tell me  that, bold Skahaz.You have no lack of enemies, Your Grace."
186,Daenerys,Oznak,Women do not forgive.
187,Belwas,Daenerys,How much gold have we offered for information concerning the Sons of the Harpy?
188,Daenerys,Reznak,"One hundred honors, if it please Your Radiance.One thousand honors would please us more.Make it so.Your Grace has not asked for my counsel,"
189,Reznak,Skahaz,There will not be a third murder.
190,Reznak,Skahaz,"Noooo  gentle queen, such savagery would bring down the ire of  the gods.We will find the murderers, I promise you, and when we do they will prove to be baseborn  filth, you shall see."
191,Daenerys,Skahaz,"Should any  hair be so insolent as to appear, my barber stands with razor ready,"
192,Grey Worm,Missandei,"Skahaz,I thank you for your counsel."
193,Daenerys,Missandei,"All kneel for Daenerys  Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men,  Khaleesi of Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Shackles, and Mother of Dragons."
194,Daenerys,Reznak,Arise.
195,Daenerys,Irri,"Cleon the Great sends these slippers as a token of his love for Daenerys Stormborn, the  Mother of Dragons."
196,Daenerys,Ghael,King Cleon is most  generous.You may thank him for his lovely gift.
197,Cleon,Ghael,"Great Cleon will be pleased to know they pleased you,His Magnificence bids  me say that he stands ready to defend the Mother of Dragons from all her foes."
198,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"The time has come for  Astapor and Meereen to end the savage reign of the Wise Masters of Yunkai, who are sworn foes to all  those who live in freedom."
199,Daenerys,Yellow,King Cleon would be wise to tend his own gardens and  let the Yunkaii tend theirs.
200,Daenerys,Ghael,"I am only a young girl and know little of the ways of war,but we have  heard that Astapor is starving."
201,Daenerys,Ghael,"Magnificence,will you hear the noble Hizdahr zo Loraq?"
202,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Your Radiance will know the reason I  am here.Why, it must be because you have no other purpose but to plague me.How many times have I  refused you?Five times, Your Magnificence.Six now.I will not have the fighting pits reopened.If Your Majesty will hear my arguments "
203,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Have you brought new arguments?Old arguments,new words."
204,Chett,Daenerys,Shall I?
205,Chett,Daenerys,The fighting pits have been a part of  Meereen since the city was founded.
206,Hizdahr,Xaro,"For criminals condemned to die upon the sands, the pits  represent a judgment by battle, a last chance for a man to prove his innocence."
207,Hizdahr,Xaro,There.How have I done?Your Radiance has stated the case much better than I could have hoped to do myself.
208,Hizdahr,Xaro,I am quite persuaded.
209,Hizdahr,Xaro,"Ah, but I am not.Your Magnificence,it is customary for the city to  claim one-tenth of all the profits from the fighting pits, after expenses, as a tax."
210,Hizdahr,Xaro,For the sixth time.The queen has spoken.
211,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Magnificence,the noble Grazdan zo Galare would address  you."
212,Daenerys,Reznak,"They owe their skill to me,I plucked them from the auction  bloc and gave them to the loom."
213,Daenerys,Reznak,What was the name of the old  weaver?The slave?
214,Daenerys,Reznak,"She was  Elza, it might have been."
215,Daenerys,Reznak,"I have owned so many slaves, Your Grace.Let us say Elza."
216,Daenerys,Reznak,That is for  forgetting the name of the old woman.
217,Chett,Daenerys,"They can keep the clothes,"
218,Chett,Daenerys,"When he lay with her, your wife  was his property, to do with as he would.By law, there was no rape."
219,Belwas,Daenerys,"Enough, Belwas,Release him."
220,Belwas,Daenerys,You should do the same.
221,Daenerys,Reznak,"Ser Barristan,I know what quality a king needs most.Courage, Your Grace?Cheeks like iron,All I do is sit.Your Grace takes too much on herself.You should allow your councillors to shoulder more of  your burdens.I have too many councillors and too few cushions."
222,Daenerys,Reznak,"How many more? Three-and-twenty, if it please Your Magnificence.With as many claims."
223,Daenerys,Reznak,"One calf and three goats.The rest will be sheep or lambs, no doubt. Three-and-twenty."
224,Daenerys,Reznak,My dragons have developed a prodigious taste for mutton  since we began to pay the shepherds for their kills.Have these claims been proven?Some men have brought burnt bones.Men make fires.
225,Daenerys,Reznak,"Must we pay good silver for every lamb  that goes astray between Yunkai and the Skahazadhan?No, Magnificence."
226,Daenerys,Reznak,"Shall I send these rascals away, or will you want them  scourged?"
227,Daenerys,Reznak,No man should ever fear to come to me.
228,Drogo,Reznak,"Pay them for the value of their animals,but henceforth claimants must  present themselves at the Temple of the Graces and swear a holy oath before the gods of Ghis.It shall be done."
229,Drogo,Reznak,"Her Magnificence the Queen has  consented to compensate each of you for the animals you have lost,Present yourselves to my factors on the morrow, and you shall be paid in coin or kind, as you  prefer."
230,Daenerys,Missandei,"All kneel for Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the  Rhoynar and the First Men, Khaleesi of Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Shackles, and Mother of Dragons,"
231,Daenerys,Missandei,"You with the  sack,did you wish to speak with us?"
232,Barristan,Daenerys,What is it?
233,Barristan,Daenerys,"Do you have some grievance to lay before us, some petition?What  would you have of us?"
234,Daenerys,Reznak,I  I brought Bones?
235,Daenerys,Reznak,Burnt bones?
236,Daenerys,Reznak,"It were the black one,the winged shadow.He come down  from the sky and  and "
237,Daenerys,Reznak,"Are you deaf, fool?"
238,Daenerys,Reznak,"Did you not hear my  pronouncement?See my factors on the morrow, and you shall be paid for your sheep.Reznak,hold your tongue and open your eyes."
239,Chett,Daenerys,"Snow,"
240,Chett,Jacelyn,"Snow,"
241,Chett,Jacelyn,"Snow,"
242,Chett,Jon,Snow.
243,Chett,Jon,Snow!
244,Chett,Jon,"Snow, snow, snow!"
245,Chett,Jon,SNOW!
246,Chett,Jon,I hear you.
247,Chett,Jon,Is this how you woke Mormont?Get your feathers out of my face.
248,Chett,Jon,"Snow,Snow, snow."
249,Hobb,Jon,"Beg pardon,shall I fetch mlord some breakfast?Corn,Corn, corn.Roast raven,And half a pint of ale."
250,Hobb,Jon,"Three corns and one roast raven,Very good, mlord, only Hobbs made  boiled eggs, black sausage, and apples stewed with prunes."
251,Brea,Stannis,Theyll  prune you when you least expect it.Later.
252,Brea,Stannis,"Any trouble from the stockades last night?Not since you put guards on the guards, mlord.Good."
253,Jon,Mance,"Two more wildlings turned up to surrender,A mother with a girl clinging to her  skirts.She had a boy babe too, all swaddled up in fur, but he was dead.Dead,"
254,Jon,Stannis,"Dead, dead, dead."
255,Jon,Stannis,Was the mother questioned?
256,Tormund,Weeper,"Aye, mlord,but all she knows is that she ran off during the battle and hid in the  woods after."
257,Aemon,Jon,"There is power in a kings blood,and better men than Stannis have done worse things than this."
258,Chett,Jon,Do you take me for  your thrall?
259,Emmett,Jon,Will mlord be wanting a  tail?
260,Emmett,Jon,I think I can find the Kings Tower by myself.
261,Hop,Robin,"Well fought,but you drop your shield too low when pressing an attack."
262,Jon,Stannis,BOY!
263,Jon,Stannis,BOY!
264,Godry,Jon,"Snow,Lord Commander."
265,Godry,Jon,Ser?
266,Godry,Jon,A man who bears Valyrian steel should use it for more  than scratching his arse.
267,Godry,Ygritte,"I use Longclaw when I must, ser.How well, though?"
268,Godry,Ygritte,"Show us.I promise not to hurt you, lad."
269,Godry,Jon,"Some other time, ser.I fear that I have other duties just now.You fear.I see that."
270,Godry,Jon,"He fears,You will excuse me."
271,Dick,Jon,"Those cloth gloves will never serve,See Bowen Marsh on the morrow, and hell give you each a pair of leather gloves lined with  fur.We will, mlord, and thank you,Thats if our bloody hands arent froze off,I used  to think that it got cold up in the Dornish Marches.What did I know?"
272,Jon,Samwell,Are you coming  from the king?
273,Jon,Samwell,Maester Aemon sent me with a letter.I see.
274,Samwell,Stannis,"How did Stannis take it?Not happily, by his face."
275,Jon,Samwell,I am not supposed to speak of  it.Then dont.
276,Samwell,Stannis,How are you and  your longbow getting on?I found a good book about archery.
277,Samwell,Stannis,"Doing it is harder than reading about it,  though.I get blisters.Keep at it.We may need your bow on the Wall if the Others turn up some dark night.Oh, I hope not."
278,Jon,Samwell,"No arms are allowed in His Graces presence, my  lord,Ill need that sword.Your knives as well."
279,Jon,Stannis,"Rise.Tell me, who  is Lyanna Mormont?One of Lady Maeges daughters, Sire."
280,Jon,Stannis,"She was named for my lord fathers sister.To curry your lord fathers favor, I dont doubt."
281,Jon,Stannis,How old is this  wretched girl child?
282,Jon,Stannis,Ten.
283,Jon,Stannis,Might I know how she has  offended Your Grace?
284,Jon,Stannis,"Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name  is STARK.A girl of ten, you say, and she presumes to scold her lawful king."
285,Maege,Stannis,"See that you keep these tidings to yourself, Lord Snow."
286,Maege,Robb,"I will not have your brothers trading tales of how this child spat  on me.As you command, Sire."
287,Arnolf,Jon,"Two score ravens were sent out,"
288,Arnolf,Rickard,Is Arnolf Karstark the only man of honor in the north?
289,Jon,Melisandre,"In times as confused as these, even men of honor must wonder where their duty  lies.Your Grace is not the only king in the realm demanding homage."
290,Jon,Melisandre,"Tell me, Lord Snow  where were these other kings when the wild  people stormed your Wall?A thousand leagues away and deaf to our need,I have not forgotten that, my  lady."
291,Lyanna,Stannis,"Give them time, and you will have your  answers.Answers such as this?"
292,Lyanna,Stannis,Even in the north men fear the wroth of Tywin Lannister.
293,Jon,Melisandre,"Forgive me, Your Grace, but some will look at you and see only  another doomed pretender.If His Grace is doomed, your realm is doomed as well,Remember that,  Lord Snow.It is the one true king of Westeros who stands before you."
294,Jon,Stannis,"As you say, my lady."
295,Jon,Stannis,"You spend your words as if every one were a golden dragon.I wonder, how  much gold do you have laid by?Gold?"
296,Jon,Stannis,"Such  taxes as we collect are paid in kind, Your Grace.The Watch is rich in turnips but poor in coin.Turnips are not like to appease Salladhor Saan.I require gold or silver.For that, you need White Harbor."
297,Stannis,Wyman,Lord Manderly is the richest of my lord fathers bannermen.Lord Too-Fat-to-Sit-a-Horse.
298,Jon,Melisandre,"Perhaps his lordship would fancy a wildling wife,Is this fat man  married, Lord Snow?His lady wife is long dead."
299,Melisandre,Wyman,"Val would never have him.Just once you might try to give me an answer that would please me, Lord Snow,I would hope the truth would please you, Sire."
300,Stannis,Wyman,"The only man who can bind them to your cause is Mance Rayder.I know that,I have spent hours speaking with the man."
301,Jon,Ygritte,"Mance Rayders life is  forfeit by every law of the Seven Kingdoms.The law ends at the Wall, Your Grace.You could make good use of Mance.I mean to."
302,Jon,Ygritte,"Once the father dies, his whelp  will be the King-Beyond-the-Wall.Your Grace is mistaken."
303,Jon,Ygritte,"The babe is no more a prince than Val is a princess.You do not become King-Beyond-the-Wall because  your father was.Good,for I will suffer no other kings in Westeros."
304,Jon,Ygritte,You  ask too much.Ask?
305,Eddard,Jon,I require these castles.We have ceded you the Nightfort.Rats and ruins.
306,Eddard,Jon,Your own man Yarwyck says it  will be half a year before the castle can be made fit for habitation.The other forts are no better.I know that.
307,Eddard,Stannis,"I mean to have every one of them garrisoned again before the  year is out.I have no quarrel with that, Sire, but it is being said that you also mean to grant these castles to  your knights and lords, to hold as their own seats as vassals to Your Grace.Kings are expected to be open-handed to their followers."
308,Eddard,Stannis,"Should their  loyalty go unrewarded?If Your Grace wishes to lose all of my lord fathers bannermen, there is no more certain way  than by giving northern halls to southron lords.How can I lose men I do not have?"
309,Eddard,Stannis,He threw my offer in my face.
310,Jon,Stannis,"By right Winterfell should go to my sister Sansa.Lady Lannister, you mean?"
311,Jon,Melisandre,"I  promise you, that will not happen whilst I live, Lord Snow."
312,Jon,Melisandre,"Sire, some claim that you mean to grant lands and  castles to Rattleshirt and the Magnar of Thenn.Who told you that?"
313,Jon,Melisandre,"If you must know, I had the tale from Gilly.Who is Gilly?The wet nurse,Your Grace gave her freedom of the castle.Not for running tales."
314,Jon,Melisandre,"Ill have more milk from  her, and fewer messages.Castle Black needs no useless mouths,I am sending Gilly south on the next ship  out of Eastwatch."
315,Gilly,Melisandre,"Gilly is giving suck to Dallas son as well as her own.It  seems cruel of you to part our little prince from his milk brother, my lord."
316,Gilly,Melisandre,Mothers milk is all they share.
317,Craster,Stannis,"Craster was his father, a cruel man  and greedy, and blood tells."
318,Craster,Stannis,"I thought the wet nurse was this man Crasters daughter?Wife and daughter both, Your Grace."
319,Craster,Stannis,Gillys boy was the fruit  of their union.Her own father got this child on her?
320,Craster,Stannis,"We are well rid of her, then."
321,Craster,Stannis,This is not Kings Landing.I can find another wet nurse.
322,Jon,Stannis,"Until such time, goats milk should suffice for the boy, if it please Your Grace.Poor fare for a prince  but better than whores milk, aye."
323,Jon,Stannis,"If we may return to the matter of these forts Your Grace,I have housed your men and fed them, at dire cost  to our winter stores."
324,Jon,Stannis,"Aye, youve shared your salt pork and porridge, and youve thrown  us some black rags to keep us warm.Rags the wildlings would have taken off your corpses if I had not  come north."
325,Jon,Stannis,"I have given you fodder for your horses, and once the stair is done I will lend  you builders to restore the Nightfort.I have even agreed to allow you to settle wildlings on the Gift,  which was given to the Nights Watch in perpetuity.You offer me empty lands and desolations, yet deny me the castles I require to reward my lords  and bannermen.The Nights Watch built those castles And the Nights Watch abandoned them. to defend the Wall,"
326,Jon,Stannis,I cannot give them to  you.Cannot or will not?
327,Jon,Stannis,"I offered you a  name.I have a name, Your Grace.Snow.Was ever a name more ill-omened?"
328,Jon,Stannis,Just who do you  imagine that you are?The watcher on the walls.The sword in the darkness.Dont prate your words at me.
329,Jon,Stannis,Here is your  sword in the darkness.
330,Jon,Stannis,"Even a green boy should be able to see that.Are you  blind?No, Sire.  How fortunate....by the Nights Watch.You do not have the men.Then give me men, Sire."
331,Chett,Stannis,I will even take your wounded and infirm.
332,Jon,Stannis,"You are bold enough, Snow, I  grant you that, but youre mad if you think my men will take the black.They can wear any color cloak they choose, so long as they obey my officers as they would your  own."
333,Jon,Stannis,"I have knights and lords in my service, scions of noble Houses old in  honor.They cannot be expected to serve under poachers, peasants, and murderers."
334,Jon,Stannis,Your own Hand is a smuggler.Was a smuggler.
335,Jon,Samwell,The sight of your head on a spike might  inspire him to be more helpful.
336,Jon,Samwell,You are only lord commander by my sufferance.You would do well  to remember that.I am lord commander because my brothers chose me.
337,Eddard,Samwell,"Alliser Thorne complains about the manner of your choosing, and I cannot say he does not  have a grievance."
338,Eddard,Jon,The count was done by a blind man with your fat friend by his elbow.And Slynt names  you a turncloak.
339,Eddard,Jon,A turncloak would tell you what you wished to  hear and betray you later.
340,Eddard,Jon,My father always said you were a  just man.
341,Jon,Stannis,"Lord Eddard was no friend to me, but he was not without some sense.He would have given me  these castles."
342,Jon,Stannis,I cannot speak to what my father might have done.
343,Jon,Stannis,The Wall  is mine.For now.We will see how well you hold it.
344,Jon,Stannis,"Keep your ruins, as they  mean so much to you."
345,Melisandre,Stannis,Now get  out.
346,Melisandre,Stannis,"With your leave, Sire, I will show Lord  Snow back to his chambers.Why?He knows the way."
347,Devan,Stannis,Do what you will.
348,Devan,Stannis,Boiled eggs and lemon water.
349,Jon,Melisandre,"Winds rising,  mlady,You might want a  warmer cloak.I have my faith to warm me."
350,Jon,Melisandre,His Grace is  growing fond of you.I can tell.He only threatened to behead me twice.
351,Jon,Melisandre,"It is his silences you should fear, not his words."
352,Jon,Melisandre,It may be that you are not wrong about the wildling king.
353,Jon,Melisandre,"I can speak to kings long dead and children not  yet born, and watch the years and seasons flicker past, until the end of days.Are your fires never wrong?Never  though we priests are mortal and sometimes err, mistaking this must come for this  may come."
354,Jon,Melisandre,"If you can truly see the  morrow in your flames, tell me when and where the next wildling attack will come."
355,Jon,Melisandre,"Rhllor sends us what visions he will, but I shall seek for this man Tormund in the flames."
356,Jon,Melisandre,"I have seen you in my fires, Jon Snow.Is that a threat, my lady?Do you mean to burn me too?You mistake my meaning."
357,Jon,Melisandre,"I fear that I make you uneasy, Lord  Snow."
358,Jon,Melisandre,The Wall is no place for a woman.You are wrong.
359,Jon,Melisandre,We walk beneath one of the hinges of the world.
360,Jon,Melisandre,"This is my place as it is yours, and soon enough  you may have grave need of me."
361,Jon,Melisandre,Shall I tell you their names?I know their names.Do not be so certain.
362,Jon,Melisandre,"It is not the foes who  curse you to your face that you must fear, but those who smile when you are looking and sharpen their  knives when you turn your back."
363,Bran,Melisandre,"It was very cold.It is always cold on the Wall.You think so?I know so, my lady.Then you know nothing, Jon Snow,"
364,Bran,Hodor,"Hod-d-d-dor,"
365,Coldhands,Meera,What is it?
366,Coldhands,Meera,"Behind us,Wolves?"
367,Bran,Meera,Men.
368,Bran,Meera,These men are not so  shy.
369,Bran,Meera,How many men?Who are they?Foes.Ill deal with them.Ill come with you.Youll stay.
370,Bran,Meera,Take refuge there until I can catch  up with you.Do as he says.
371,Jon,Patrek,
372,Bran,Meera,"Why wont he say?He said hed go and deal with them,He said, aye."
373,Bran,Hodor,"Were going in circles.Rivers turn and twist,and where theres lakes and hills, you need to go  around.Theres been too much going around,"
374,Bran,Hodor,"He does  not eat, he never drinks, he does not seem to feel the cold."
375,Bran,Hodor,The scarf.
376,Hodor,Meera,"The scarf  over his mouth, it never gets all hard with ice, like Hodors beard.Not even when he talks."
377,Hodor,Meera,"Youre right.Weve never seen his breath, have we?No."
378,Bran,Nan,If he does not breathe 
379,Brandon,Jojen,"The ranger saved Samwelland the girl from the wights,and hes taking me  to the three-eyed crow.Why wont this three-eyed crow come to us?"
380,Bran,Jojen,How long can we go on?
381,Bran,Jojen,Until we get there.
382,Bran,Meera,We should have come on the village by now.
383,Bran,Jojen,Could we have passed it?
384,Bran,Jojen,I hope not.We need to find shelter before nightfall.
385,Bran,Hodor,"Summer can find the village,"
386,Jaime,Lancel,
387,Bran,Hodor,I smelled it.
388,Bran,Hodor,"At least we will be out of the wind,Hodor,"
389,Bran,Meera,"Might be the wildlings left some food behind,"
390,Bran,Jojen,"Go hunt,but you leave the elk alone."
391,Jojen,Meera,"Jojen, you have to eat,Later.I just want to rest."
392,Jojen,Meera,"This is not the day I die, sister.I promise you.You almost fell off the elk.Almost.I am cold and hungry, thats all.Then eat.Crushed acorns?"
393,Jojen,Meera,Im  dreaming of roast chicken.Dreams will not sustain you.Not even greendreams.Dreams are what we have.
394,Bran,Coldhands,"Hodor, hodor, hodor."
395,Bran,Meera,"Just in time,"
396,Bran,Hodor,You  almost slept through supper.The ranger found a sow.
397,Hodor,Jojen,"Hodor,hodor, hodor."
398,Bran,Meera,"You said no fire,The walls around us hide the light, and dawn is  close.We will be on our way soon.What happened to the men?The foes behind us?They will not trouble you.Who were they?Wildlings?"
399,Bran,Coldhands,They were foes.
400,Bran,Coldhands,You killed them.
401,Bran,Coldhands,"Their faces were all torn, and  their eyes were gone."
402,Bran,Coldhands,They were your brothers.
403,Coldhands,Meera,Like your hands.
404,Coldhands,Meera,Who are you?Why are your hands black?
405,Bran,Meera,"Once the heart has  ceased to beat, a mans blood runs down into his extremities, where it thickens and congeals."
406,Bran,Meera,His hands and feet swell up and turn as black as  pudding.The rest of him becomes as white as milk.
407,Bran,Meera,Show us your face.
408,Bran,Meera,Hes dead.
409,Bran,Nan,"Meera, hes some dead thing."
410,Meera,Nan,"He sent Samwellinstead, with that  wildling girl."
411,Meera,Nan,Who sent you?Who is this  three-eyed crow?A friend.
412,Bran,Meera,The last green-seer.
413,Bran,Meera,"A monster,"
414,Bran,Meera,"Your monster, Brandon Stark.Yours,Yours, yours, yours.Jojen, did you dream this?"
415,Jojen,Meera,Who is he?
416,Jojen,Meera,"What do we do  now?We go with the ranger,We have come too far to turn back now, Meera."
417,Jojen,Meera,"We go with Brans monster, or we die."
418,Illyrio,Mag,"It will be as if you had never come to Pentos, my little friend,No man must see you leave the city, as no man saw you enter.No man except the sailors who stuffed me in that barrel, the cabin boy who cleaned up after  me, the girl you sent to warm my bed, and that treacherous freckled washerwoman."
419,Illyrio,Mag,"Unless you removed their wits along with their balls, they know youre not alone in here."
420,Illyrio,Mag,"Unsullied tell no tales,And the galley that delivered you is on her way to  Asshai even now."
421,Illyrio,Mag,None would betray me.
422,Illyrio,Tyrion,"We  should be aboard that galley,The fastest way to Volantis is by sea.The sea is hazardous,Autumn is a season rife with storms, and pirates still  make their dens upon the Stepstones and venture forth to prey on honest men.It would never do for  my little friend to fall into such hands.There are pirates on the Rhoyne as well.River pirates."
423,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Cockroach captains scurrying after crumbs.One hears talk of stone men as well.They are real enough, poor damned things."
424,Illyrio,Tyrion,Why dwell upon disease and  death?
425,Aegon,Illyrio,How many days until we reach the river?
426,Aegon,Illyrio,"At this pace, your  queens dragons will be larger than Aegons three before I can lay eyes upon them.Would it were so.A large dragon is more fearsome than a small one."
427,Aegon,Illyrio,"Much as it would please me to welcome Queen Daenerys to Volantis, I must rely on you and Griff for  that."
428,Aegon,Illyrio,"Come, drink a cup of wine.Tell me,why should a magister of Pentos give three figs who wears  the crown in Westeros?"
429,Aegon,Maegor,"I am an old man, grown weary of this world and its  treacheries.Is it so strange that I should wish to do some good before my days are done, to help a sweet  young girl regain her birthright?"
430,Aegon,Maegor,"If Daenerys is no  more than a sweet young girl, the Iron Throne will cut her into sweet young pieces.Fear not, my little friend.The blood of Aegon the Dragon flows in her veins."
431,Baelor,Maegor,Tell  me more of her.
432,Baelor,Maegor,"Daenerys was half a child when she came to me, yet fairer even  than my second wife, so lovely I was tempted to claim her for myself."
433,Drogo,Viserys,"If truth be told, I did not think Daenerys would survive  for long amongst the horselords.That did not stop you selling her to Khal Drogo "
434,Daenerys,Viserys,"Had I not taken the  precaution of posting guards upon her door, Viserys might have undone years of planning.He sounds an utter fool.Viserys was Mad Aeryss son, just so.Daenerys  Daenerys is quite different."
435,Daenerys,Tyrion,"The frightened child who sheltered in  my manse died on the Dothraki sea, and was reborn in blood and fire."
436,Illyrio,Tyrion,"If she comes by sea, well  her fleet must  take on food and water at Volantis.By land or by sea, there are long leagues between Meereen and Volantis,Five hundred fifty, as the dragon flies, through deserts, mountains, swamps, and  demon-haunted ruins.Many and more will perish, but those who survive will be stronger by the time  they reach Volantis  where they shall find you and Griff awaiting them, with fresh forces and sufficient  ships to carry them all across the sea to Westeros."
437,Illyrio,Tyrion,Its said there are five slaves for every free man  in Volantis.Why would the triarchs assist a queen who smashed the slave trade?
438,Illyrio,Tyrion,"For that matter, why would you?"
439,Illyrio,Tyrion,What do you hope to gain from Queen Daenerys?Are we back to that again?You are a persistent little man.
440,Illyrio,Tyrion,As you will.
441,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Once he wore his golden crown, I should have my choice of castles  even Casterly Rock, if I desired."
442,Illyrio,Tyrion,My father would have  loved to hear that.Your lord father had no cause for concern.
443,Jon,Mance, The   fat man peeled another egg.
444,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Are you quite certain that Daenerys will make good her brothers  promises?She will, or she will not."
445,Illyrio,Tyrion,"I told you, my little friend, not all that a man  does is done for gain.Believe as you wish, but even fat old fools like me have friends, and debts of  affection to repay."
446,Illyrio,Tyrion,"You meet so few men who value friendship over gold these days.Too true,How is it that the Spider became so dear to  you?We were young together, two green boys in Pentos.Varys came from Myr.So he did."
447,Tyrion,Varys,"A lovely thing, though now I weep to see it.Age makes ruins of us all."
448,Chett,Varys,  
449,Chett,Varys,"We both grew rich, and richer  still when Varys trained his mice.In Kings Landing he kept little birds.Mice, we called them then."
450,Illyrio,Tyrion,"I do believe that you know the  rest of this tale, is that not so?Much of it,I see that you are somewhat more than a cheesemonger after  all."
451,Illyrio,Tyrion,"You are kind to say so, my little friend.And for my part, I see that you  are just as quick as Lord Varys claimed."
452,Tyrion,Tywin,"It wouldnt need to be a big one.It could be little, like I am.The last dragon  died a century ago, lad."
453,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Come, drink with me,A scale from the  dragon that burned you, as they say."
454,Illyrio,Varys,"I dreamed about the queen,I was on my knees before her, swearing my  allegiance, but she mistook me for my brother, Jaime, and fed me to her dragons.Let us hope this dream was not prophetic."
455,Daenerys,Varys,"Ser Barristan is a valiant knight and true; but none, I  think, has ever called him cunning.Knights know only one way to solve a problem."
456,Daenerys,Illyrio,You are a clever man yourself.You flatter me.
457,Daenerys,Illyrio,"Alas, I am not made for travel, so I will send you to  Daenerys in my stead."
458,Daenerys,Tyrion,She will make good use of  you.
459,Illyrio,Mag,"Our last news of Queen Daenerys is old and stale, I fear."
460,Illyrio,Mag,"She has her host at last, a ragged host of sellswords, Dothraki  horselords, and Unsullied infantry, and she will no doubt lead them west, to take back her fathers  throne."
461,Illyrio,Mag,"At Volantis, you  will have fresh tidings of Daenerys, we must hope,Dragons   and young girls are both capricious, and it may be that you will need to adjust your plans."
462,Illyrio,Tyrion,The garlic is from my own gardens.
463,Illyrio,Tyrion,You place a deal of trust in this man Griff.Another friend of your childhood?No.
464,Illyrio,Tyrion,Daenerys needs men worthy of her  cause.
465,Illyrio,Tyrion,I know!
466,Illyrio,Tyrion,I trust Griff as I would trust a brother.
467,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Then I shall do likewise.The Golden Company marches toward Volantis as we speak, there to await the coming of our  queen out of the east."
468,Illyrio,Tyrion,I had heard the Golden Company was under contract with  one of the Free Cities.Myr.
469,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Contracts can be broken.There is more coin in cheese than I knew,How did you accomplish that?"
470,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Some contracts are writ in ink, and some in blood.I say no  more."
471,Illyrio,Tyrion,"I admire your powers of persuasion,How did you convince the Golden  Company to take up the cause of our sweet queen when they have spent so much of their history  fighting against the Targaryens?"
472,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Black or red, a dragon is still a dragon.When Maelys the Monstrous died upon the Stepstones, it was the end of the male line of House   Blackfyre."
473,Illyrio,Tyrion,And Daenerys will give the exiles what  Bittersteel and the Blackfyres never could.She will take them home.
474,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Ten  thousand swords makes for a princely gift, I grant you.Her Grace should be most pleased."
475,Barristan,Tyrion,I would never presume to say what  might please Her Grace.
476,Barristan,Tyrion,How far have we come?
477,Illyrio,Mag,"This is Andalos, my friend."
478,Illyrio,Mag,"Farther east stand the Velvet Hills, whence we are bound."
479,Illyrio,Mag,"The Father reached his hand into the heavens and pulled down seven stars,and one by one he set them on the brow of Hugor of the Hill to make a glowing  crown."
480,Illyrio,Mag,I did not dream my little friend was so devout.
481,Illyrio,Mag,A relic of my boyhood.
482,Illyrio,Mag,I reached that certain age and fell  in love.A maiden?I know the way of that.
483,Illyrio,Tyrion,Serra.
484,Mag,Tyrion,"The price was small enough, for Serra.How did she die?"
485,Mag,Tyrion,A Braavosi trading galley called at Pentos on her way back from the Jade Sea.
486,Illyrio,Mag,The plague took two thousand before it ran its course.
487,Illyrio,Mag,I keep her hands in my bedchamber.
488,Tyrion,Tysha,What  sort of gods make rats and plagues and dwarfs?
489,Illyrio,Tysha,"The Maid brought him forth a girl as supple as a willow with eyes like deep blue pools, and  Hugor declared that he would have her for his bride."
490,Illyrio,Tyrion,"The Warrior gave strength to their  arms, whilst the Smith wrought for each a suit of iron plates.Your Smith must have been Rhoynish,The Andals learned the art of working  iron from the Rhoynar who dwelt along the river.This is known.Not by our septons."
491,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Who dwells in these Flatlands of yours?Tillers and toilers, bound to the land."
492,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Why should I spend my days out here, with the myriad delights of  Pentos close at hand?Myriad delights."
493,Illyrio,Tyrion,We have seen no  towns since Pentos.There are ruins.
494,Illyrio,Tyrion,"The horselords come this  way, whenever some khal takes it into his head to gaze upon the sea.The Dothraki are not fond of  towns, you will know this even in Westeros.Fall upon one of these khalasars and destroy it, and you may find that the Dothraki are not so  quick to cross the Rhoyne.It is cheaper to buy off foes with food and gifts."
495,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Give gold to a foe and he will just  come back for more, my father always said.Is this the selfsame father that you murdered?"
496,Illyrio,Tyrion,Sellswords will not stand against Dothraki screamers.That was proved at Qohor.Not even your brave Griff?
497,Illyrio,Tyrion,Griff is different.
498,Illyrio,Tyrion,There never was a nobler lad.
499,Illyrio,Tyrion,Where are we?
500,Illyrio,Tyrion,"We have not yet left the Flatlands, my hasty friend."
501,Illyrio,Tyrion,"There we begin our climb toward Ghoyan Drohe, upon the Little Rhoyne."
502,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Half the whores in Lannisport have breasts bigger than these hills,You ought to call them the Velvet Teats."
503,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Here lived a den of robbers who preyed on all who  passed this way,It is said they still dwell beneath the water.Those who fish the lake are  pulled under and devoured."
504,Illyrio,Tyrion,"A dragon queen,A pleasant omen.Her king is missing."
505,Illyrio,Tyrion,The horselords built wooden wheels  beneath him and dragged him back to Vaes Dothrak.
506,Tyrion,Tywin,"Wherever whores go,"
507,Gerris,Quentyn,"I want to retch,"
508,Gerris,Quentyn,"If the captain smells anything like his ship, he may mistake your vomit for perfume,"
509,Gerris,Quentyn,How swift is your Adventure?
510,Gerris,Quentyn,"There is none swifter, honored lord."
511,Gerris,Quentyn,"Tell me where  you wish to sail, and swiftly I shall bring you there.I seek passage to Meereen for myself and two servants."
512,Gerris,Quentyn,I am no stranger to Meereen.
513,Gerris,Quentyn,"Tell me, my Westerosi friend, what is there in Meereen that you should want to go  there?"
514,Gerris,Yellow,Wine is our family trade.
515,Gerris,Yellow,It is hoped that the good folk of  Meereen will welcome what I sell.Wine?Dornish wine?
516,Gerris,Yellow,"The slave cities are at war.Can it be  you do not know this?The fighting is between Yunkai and Astapor, we had heard.Meereen is not involved.Not as yet."
517,Gerris,Quentyn,All this  is known.If you say so.
518,Gerris,Quentyn,The Meereenese will  pay a good price for my fine Dornish vintages.Dead men do not care what kind of wine they drink.
519,Gerris,Quentyn,"I am not the first captain you have approached, I think.Nor the tenth.No,How many, then?A hundred?"
520,Chett,Quentyn,"It is true that I am sailing  east,South around Valyria and thence into the sunrise."
521,Gerris,Quentyn,I will not risk her to take three mad Dornishmen into the middle of a war.
522,Gerris,Quentyn,"Dorne will bleed if your purpose is discovered,What we do is treason, make no mistake.Trust only your companions, and do your best to avoid  attracting notice."
523,Gerris,Quentyn,"Truth be told, I  have not kept count of all the cowards who refused us, but at the Merchants House I heard it said that  you were a bolder sort of man, the sort who might risk anything for sufficient gold."
524,Gerris,Quentyn,"He is a smuggler and a slaver, half pirate and half pander, but it may be that  he is your best hope,"
525,Gerris,Quentyn,And how much gold would you deem  sufficient for such a voyage?Thrice your usual fee for passage to Slavers Bay.For each of you?
526,Gerris,Quentyn,Perhaps.
527,Gerris,Quentyn,How soon will you wish to leave?The morrow would not be too soon.Done.
528,Gerris,Quentyn,"Best to be under way  whilst Volantis sleeps, so no one will ask us inconvenient questions about our destination.As you say.An hour before first light."
529,Gerris,Quentyn,"I am pleased that I can help you.We will have a happy voyage,  yes?I am certain of it,"
530,Gerris,Quentyn,"A sweet man,"
531,Gerris,Quentyn,"This is a sweet city,"
532,Gerris,Quentyn,"I fear our happy voyage will be  short, however."
533,Chett,Quentyn,"Hell take thrice the usual fee, no doubt, and once he has us aboard and out of sight of land, hell  slit our throats and take the rest of our gold as well.Or chain us to an oar, beside those wretches we were smelling.We need to find a better class  of smuggler, I think."
534,Chett,Jacelyn,"The Merchants House,but go along the  wharves."
535,Cletus,Quentyn,"Give your  bride a kiss for me,"
536,Cletus,Gerris,"One of you should say some words for your dead, before we give them to the  sea,"
537,Cletus,Gerris,"This will be a tale to tell our grandchildren,A  tale to tell tavern wenches, you mean, in hopes theyll lift their skirts."
538,Cletus,Quentyn,"For grandchildren, you need children.For children, you need to lift some skirts."
539,Gerris,Quentyn,"Maester Kedry will accompany you,Heed his counsel.He has devoted half his life to the study of the Nine Free Cities."
540,Gerris,Quentyn,"I would sell my mother for a bit of breeze,Its moist as the Maidens cunt, and still shy of noon.I hate this city."
541,Gerris,Quentyn,"The Goddess sails for New Ghis on the morrow,That at least would  bring us closer.New Ghis is an island, and a much smaller port than this."
542,Gerris,Quentyn,And New Ghis has allied with the Yunkaii.
543,Gerris,Quentyn,"If Volantis should ally with them as  well...We need to find a ship from Westeros,some trader out of Lannisport or  Oldtown.Few come this far, and those who do fill their holds with silk and spice from the Jade Sea, then  bend their oars for home.Perhaps a Braavosi ship?One hears of purple sails as far away as Asshai and the islands of the  Jade Sea.The Braavosi are descended from escaped slaves.They do not trade in Slavers Bay.Do we have enough gold to buy a ship?And who will sail her?"
544,Gerris,Quentyn,Me?
545,Gerris,Quentyn,"The seas around Valyria are perilous, and thick with corsairs.I have had enough of corsairs.Lets not buy a ship."
546,Gerris,Quentyn,"Perhaps the big man is right,Piss on the sea, we can finish the journey  overland.You know why he says that,Hed rather die than set foot on another ship."
547,Gerris,Quentyn,"The demon road is dangerous, and too slow,Tywin Lannister will send his own  men after the queen once word of her reaches Kings Landing."
548,Gerris,Quentyn,His  will come with knives.   said Gerris.
549,Gerris,Quentyn,"Have a look at that one,I  think shes in love with you."
550,Cletus,Quentyn,"After youre wed you can take one of  them for a paramour.Or both, why not?"
551,Gerris,Quentyn,"Perhaps your silver queen would like a monkey,"
552,Gerris,Quentyn,"The triarchs are considered so elevated that their feet are not allowed to touch the  ground during their year of service,They ride everywhere on  elephants.Blocking up the streets and leaving heaps of dung for the likes of us to contend with,Why Volantis needs three princes when Dorne makes do with one, I will never know.The triarchs are neither kings nor princes."
553,Gerris,Quentyn,And you would know all this if you had troubled to read the  book that Maester Kedry gave you.It had no pictures.There were maps.Maps do not count.
554,Gerris,Quentyn,It looked suspiciously like a history.
555,Gerris,Quentyn,"They look amusing,Shall we stop and watch them fight?"
556,Gerris,Quentyn,You look like an old man who has not moved his bowels in half a year.
557,Grimtongue,Qarl,I have no need for comic dwarfs.
558,Quentyn,Tattered,"I do not speak your tongue,"
559,Quentyn,Tattered,Westerosi?
560,Quentyn,Tattered,Dornishmen.My master is a  wineseller.Master?
561,Quentyn,Tattered,"Were the  Windblown, and we fuck the goddess slaughter up her arse."
562,Cletus,Gerris,"If Cletus and Will were still with us, we could come back with the big man and kill the lot of  them,"
563,Cletus,Quentyn,"Pay them no mind,"
564,Archibald,Cletus,"I was about to go out looking for you,"
565,Gerris,Quentyn,"So,what did the smuggler  say? corrected Quentyn."
566,Gerris,Quentyn,Dorne is sounding more attractive every  moment.
567,Gerris,Quentyn,"Drink with his sword, me with my hammer, thats more than any demon could digest.And if Daenerys is dead before we reach her?"
568,Gerris,Quentyn,We must have a ship.Even if it is  Adventure.
569,Gerris,Quentyn,You must be more desperate for Daenerys than I knew if youd endure that  stench for months on end.
570,Gerris,Quentyn,"No, my prince, I pray  you, not Adventure.Do you have a better way?"
571,Gerris,Quentyn,I do.
572,Gerris,Quentyn,"It has its risks,  and it is not what you would call honorable, I grant you  but it will get you to your queen quicker than  the demon road.Tell me,"
573,Aemon,Jon,I will see her.
574,Aemon,Jon,Find Samwellfor me.I will want to  speak with him next.Hell be down with the books.
575,Gilly,Jon,No one wants to hear a dead mans yabber.
576,Gilly,Jon,You dont need to take a knee for me.Thats just for kings.
577,Gilly,Jon,The babes are well?
578,Gilly,Mance,"Yes, mlord."
579,Craster,Mance,Theyre strong.I have something hard to tell you.
580,Craster,Mance,Is it Mance?
581,Craster,Mance,Mance never did half the things he done.
582,Dalla,Mance,"Mance  said our words, Gilly."
583,Dalla,Jon,Dallas boy.The babe?
584,Dalla,Jon,"He never broke no oath, mlord."
585,Dalla,Jon,"Save him, please.Only you can do that, Gilly."
586,Gilly,Melisandre,"No.Please, no."
587,Gilly,Melisandre,"No,Refuse, and the boy will burn."
588,Gilly,Stannis,"If you do not take the boy away, she will burn him.Ill go,Ill take him, Ill take the both o them, Dallas boy and mine."
589,Craster,Jon,Take both boys and the queens men will ride after  you and drag you back.The boy will still burn  and you with him.
590,Jon,Samwell,"Youll take one boy, and that one Dallas.A mother cant leave her son, or else shes cursed forever."
591,Jon,Samwell,"We saved him from the cold.Men say that freezing to death is almost peaceful.Fire, though  do you see the candle, Gilly?"
592,Gilly,Samwell,Yes.Touch it.Put your hand over the flame.
593,Gilly,Samwell,Do it.
594,Gilly,Samwell,Now.
595,Dalla,Gilly,Down.Let it kiss you.
596,Dalla,Gilly,Fire is a cruel way to die.
597,Melisandre,Stannis,"Now save hers from the fire.Theyll burn my babe, then."
598,Melisandre,Stannis,"If she cant have Dallas, shell burn mine.Your son has no kings blood."
599,Jon,Samwell,Ill even see that he is taught to read and write.
600,Jon,Samwell,"And when he is old enough, he will learn the truth of who he is.Hell be free to  seek you out if that is what he wants.You will make a crow of him."
601,Jon,Samwell,I  wont.I wont.
602,Jon,Samwell,"You will.Else I promise you, the day that they burn Dallas boy, yours  will die as well.Die,Die, die, die."
603,Galazza,Grazhar,
604,Gilly,Jon,My men will come for you.
605,Aemon,Samwell,Past time that you  were back.
606,Jon,Samwell,Did that wretch break the skin?
607,Jon,Samwell,He did.Im bleeding.We all shed our blood for the Watch.Wear thicker gloves.
608,Jon,Samwell,"Sit, and have a look at this."
609,Jon,Samwell,What is it?A paper shield.
610,Jon,Samwell,"A letter to King Tommen?At Winterfell, Tommen fought my brother Bran with wooden swords,He wore so much padding he looked like a stuffed goose.Bran knocked him to the ground."
611,Jon,Samwell,"Yet Brans dead, and pudgy pink-faced Tommen is sitting on the Iron Throne, with a crown  nestled amongst his golden curls."
612,Janos,Jon,You havent signed the letter.
613,Janos,Jon,The Old Bear begged the Iron Throne for help a hundred times.
614,Janos,Jon,"Not once they hear that weve been  helping Stannis.Only to defend the Wall, not in his rebellion.Thats what it says here.The distinction may escape Lord Tywin."
615,Janos,Jon,"Why would he help us  now?He never did before.Well, he will not want it said that Stannis rode to the defense of the realm whilst King Tommen  was playing with his toys.That would bring scorn down upon House Lannister.Its death and destruction I want to bring down upon House Lannister, not scorn."
616,Jon,Stannis,The Nights Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
617,Daenerys,Jorah,  Samwellsquirmed in his seat.
618,Robb,Stannis,"Pleasing two is hardly  possible.Yes, but  if the Lannisters should prevail and Lord Tywin decides that we betrayed the king by  aiding Stannis, it could mean the end of the Nights Watch."
619,Robb,Stannis,And he did defeat Lord Stannis on the Blackwater.The Blackwater was one battle.
620,Robb,Stannis,"   Samwellhesitated, then said, Lord Bolton and his  bastard.Stannis has the Karstarks.   Samwellstressed."
621,Jon,Samwell,Get the sealing  wax.
622,Jon,Samwell,"Take this to Maester Aemon when you leave, and tell him to dispatch a bird to Kings  Landing.I will."
623,Jon,Samwell,"My lord, if I might ask  I saw Gilly leaving.She was almost  crying.Val sent her to plead for Mance again,Blood.I am sending Gilly away,Her and the boy.We will need to find another wet nurse  for his milk brother.Goats milk might serve, until you do.Its better for a babe than cows milk."
624,Daario,Skahaz,Tell me something  useful.
625,Jon,Samwell,"They are mentioned in the annals, though not as often as I  would have thought."
626,Hero,Jon,   Jon broke in.
627,Jon,Small,"Men who fall in battle against the Others must be burned, or else the  dead will rise again as their thralls.We knew all this.The question is, how do we fight them?The armor of the Others is proof against most ordinary blades, if the tales can be believed, and  their own swords are so cold they shatter steel."
628,Jon,Samwell,Supposedly they could not stand against it.Dragonsteel?
629,Jon,Samwell,"Valyrian steel?That was my first thought as well.So if I can just convince the lords of the Seven Kingdoms to give us their Valyrian blades, all is  saved?That wont be hard."
630,Jon,Samwell,"Did you find who the Others are, where they come from, what they want?Not yet, my lord, but it may be that Ive just been reading the wrong books."
631,Jon,Samwell,"Give me more time and I will find whatever there is to be found.There is no more time.You need to get your things together, Samwell Youre going with Gilly.Going?"
632,Aemon,Samwell,Im going?
633,Aemon,Samwell,  
634,Aemon,Samwell,Aemon as well.Aemon?
635,Aemon,Clydas,"  Hes been with Aemon for years.Clydas is only a steward, and his eyes are going bad."
636,Aemon,Samwell,  
637,Aemon,Stannis,   
638,Aemon,Stannis,Dareon will join you at Eastwatch.
639,Dareon,Gilly,"Elsewise, Aemon will find a servants place for her at the  Citadel.My b-b-bastard."
640,Dareon,Jon,The longbow makes my shoulders ache and raises blisters on my fingers.
641,Dareon,Jon,"I still do it, though."
642,Jon,Samwell,Someone needs to write them down and put them  in a book.You do it.
643,Aemon,Samwell,"I need you to become my new maester.My lord, I  my work is here, the books  will be here when you return to us."
644,Aemon,Samwell,"My lord, the Citadel  they make you cut up corpses there.I  cannot wear a chain.You can."
645,Aemon,Gilly,"Maester Mullin at the Shadow Tower is more fighter than scholar, and Maester  Harmune of Eastwatch is drunk more than hes sober.If you ask the Citadel for more maesters "
646,Gilly,Samwell,"Aemon Targaryen is not so easily replaced, however."
647,Gilly,Samwell,"I was certain this would please you,There are so many books at the Citadel that no man can hope to read them all.You  would do well there, Samwell I know you would.No.I could read the books, but  a m-maester must be a healer and b-b-blood makes me  faint."
648,Jon,Samwell,"Im Samwellthe Scared, not Samwellthe Slayer.Scared?"
649,Gilly,Jon,"You slew an Other.It was the d-d-d-dragonglass, not me.Be quiet,"
650,Gilly,Jon,You lied and  schemed and plotted to make me lord commander.
651,Gilly,Jon,"At least in Oldtown the corpses wont object.My lord, my f-f-f-father, Lord Randyll, he, he, he, he, he  the life of a maester is a life of  servitude."
652,Gilly,Jon,"Jon, I cannot disobey my father."
653,Gilly,Jon,You have no father.
654,Jon,Samwell,"You said the words, Samwell Remember?I  Ill try.You wont try.You will obey.Obey."
655,Jon,Samwell,As my lord commands.Does  does Maester Aemon know?It was as much his idea as mine.
656,Jon,Samwell,No farewells.
657,Gilly,Samwell,"An hour before first light, by the lichyard."
658,Aemon,Jon,"Allow me to give my lord one last piece of counsel,"
659,Aegon,Jon,Kill the boy and let  the man be born.
660,Aegon,Jon,"You are half the age that Egg was, and your own burden  is a crueler one, I fear."
661,Aegon,Jon,Kill the boy and let  the man be born.
662,Dywen,Jon,"A quiet day,Nothing to report, except the wrong-way rangers.The wrong-way rangers?"
663,Dywen,Jon,A pair of knights.
664,Dywen,Jon,"When  Dywen saw them buggering off, he said the southron fools were riding the wrong way.I see,"
665,Dywen,Justin,"Aye, mlord, I saw them."
666,Dywen,Justin,"Claimed Stannis sent em out, but  never said where or what for or when they would be back."
667,Gilly,Jon,Mlord?
668,Gilly,Jon,You left orders to be woken.Bring me something hot.
669,Jon,Kegs,"I will want to speak with Bedwyck and with Janos Slynt,Have them both here at first light."
670,Dalla,Gilly,"Lord Snow,"
671,Aemon,Jon,Ive told Clydas to mark  it for you.Ill be sure to read it.
672,Aemon,Jon,"Knowledge is a weapon, Jon.Arm yourself well before you ride  forth to battle.I will."
673,Gilly,Jon,"Make as good a time as you can, but take no  foolish risks."
674,Gilly,Jon,"See that you keep them warm and well  fed.You do the same, mlord."
675,Gilly,Jon,You do the  same for tother.
676,Gilly,Samwell,"The boy  Dallas  boy  the little prince, I mean  you find him some good woman, so he grows up big and strong.You have my word.Dont you name him."
677,Gilly,Samwell,"You crows may not know that, but its true.As you command, my lady.Dont you call me that."
678,Gilly,Samwell,"Im Crasters wife and Crasters daughter, and  a mother."
679,Gilly,Samwell,"Lets do this,"
680,Jon,Samwell,"Well,farewell.And to you, SamwellYour boats not like to sink, I dont think.Boats only sink  when Im aboard."
681,Jon,Samwell,"The first time I saw Gilly she was pressed back against the wall of  Crasters Keep, this skinny darkhaired girl with her big belly, cringing away from Ghost.He had gotten in  among her rabbits, and I think she was frightened that he would tear her open and devour the babe   but it was not the wolf she should have been afraid of, was it?She has more courage than she knows,So do you, Samwell Have a swift, safe voyage,  and take care of her and Aemon and the child."
682,Jon,Robb,And pull your hood  up.The snowflakes are melting in your hair.
683,Jon,Robb,"Giant will be waiting on the lord commanders pleasure,Janos Slynt as well.Yes."
684,Bedwyck,Jon,We need more eyes  along the Wall.
685,Craster,Jon,I am putting a garrison in Icemark and giving you command of it.
686,Craster,Jon,Command?
687,Craster,Jon,"Mlord  knows Im just a crofters get, on the Wall for poaching?Youve been a ranger for a dozen years."
688,Craster,Jon,The younger men look up to you.
689,Craster,Jon,Only dwarfs look up to me.
690,Craster,Jon,On a good day I can  write my name.Ive sent to Oldtown for more maesters.
691,Craster,Jon,"Until we have more maesters and more birds, I mean to establish a line of  beacon towers along the top of the Wall.And how many poor fools will I be commanding?Twenty, from the Watch,and half as many men from Stannis."
692,Craster,Jon,"They wont be his best men, and none will take the black, but theyll obey."
693,Craster,Jon,"Keep one eye on that lot and watch for climbers with the other.We can watch, mlord, but if enough climbers gain the top o the Wall, thirty men wont be  enough to throw them off."
694,Jon,Willam,"Thirty men will stand a better  chance than none,True enough,Is it just to be Icemark, then, or will mlord be opening  tother forts as well?I mean to garrison all of them, in time,but for the moment, it will just be Icemark  and Greyguard.And has mlord decided whos to command at Greyguard?Janos Slynt,"
695,Alliser,Jon,A man does not rise to command of the gold cloaks  without ability.
696,Alliser,Jon,Lord Janos  cannot be as great a fool as he seems.
697,Alliser,Janos,"Might be thats so,but Id still send him to the kitchens to help Three-Finger Hobb  cut up the turnips."
698,Janos,Jon,Lord Janos.
699,Janos,Jon,I am giving you command of Greyguard.
700,Janos,Jon,Greyguard  Greyguard was where you climbed the Wall with your  wildling friends 
701,Janos,Jon,Steal stones from the structures that have collapsed to repair those still  standing.
702,Janos,Jon,"You will have thirty men.Ten from here, ten from the Shadow Tower, and ten lent to  us by King Stannis."
703,Janos,Jon,Do you think I  cannot see what you are doing?
704,Janos,Jon,"Keep your ruin, bastard."
705,Janos,Jon,"You mistake me, my  lord,That was a command, not an offer."
706,Janos,Jon,"Pack up your arms  and armor, say your farewells, and be ready to depart at first light on the morrow.No."
707,Janos,Jon,I will not go  meekly off to freeze and die.
708,Harren,Jon,I will not have it!You will.
709,Bowen,Grenn,"Lord Janos,"
710,Alliser,Jon,"It is a long, hard road to  Greyguard.Then you had best be on your way, boy."
711,Alliser,Jon,"Greyguards a good place for the likes of you, Im thinking."
712,Alliser,Jon,"The mark  of the beast is on you, bastard.You are refusing to obey my order?You can stick your order up your bastards arse,"
713,Emmett,Jon,As you will.
714,Emmett,Jon,Please take Lord Janos to the Wall...
715,Janos,Jon,"...and hang him,"
716,Emmett,Janos,"No,No, unhand  me."
717,Chett,Jacelyn,
718,Janos,Stannis,"If the boy thinks that he can frighten me, he is mistaken,He  would not dare to hang me."
719,Emmett,Jon,Stop.
720,Emmett,Jon,"My lord?I will not hang him,Bring him here.Oh, Seven save us,"
721,Janos,Jon,"Edd, fetch me a block,"
722,Emmett,Janos,"No,Unhand me  you cannot  when Tywin Lannister hears of this, you  will all rue..."
723,Emmett,Jon,"This will go easier if you stay still,Move to avoid the cut, and you will still die, but your dying will be uglier.Stretch  out your neck, my lord."
724,Janos,Jon,"If you have any last words, now is the time to  speak them,"
725,Janos,Jon,"Please, my lord."
726,Chett,Jacelyn,
727,Janos,Owen,Can I have his boots?
728,Jon,Stannis,"Theyre almost new, those boots.Lined with fur."
729,Illyrio,Tyrion,"I need a piss,"
730,Mag,Tyrion,"He pisses well, at least,"
731,Illyrio,Mag,Pissing is the least of my talents.You  ought to see me shit.
732,Illyrio,Mag,"Are these two known to you, magister?"
733,Illyrio,Mag,Should I find my axe?Your axe?
734,Illyrio,Mag,"Did you hear that, Haldon?The little man wants to fight with us!"
735,Haldon,Tyrion,"Small men oft feel a need to prove their courage with unseemly  boasts,I doubt if he could kill a duck."
736,Haldon,Tyrion,Fetch the duck.If you insist.
737,Haldon,Tyrion,"Im Duck, you mouthy little pisspot."
738,Haldon,Tyrion,I had a smaller duck in mind.
739,Haldon,Tyrion,"Did you hear, Haldon?He wants a smaller Duck!I should gladly settle for a quieter one."
740,Illyrio,Tyrion,You have some chests for us?And mules to carry them.Mules are too slow.
741,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Duck, attend to that.Why is it always Duck who attends to things?"
742,Illyrio,Tyrion,"What do you attend to, Haldon?Who is the knight here, you or me?"
743,Illyrio,Tyrion,How fares our lad?
744,Haldon,Illyrio,"He is as tall as Griff now.Three days ago he knocked Duck into a horse trough.I wasnt knocked.I fell in just to make him laugh.Your ploy was a success,I laughed myself.There is a gift for the boy in one of the chests."
745,Haldon,Illyrio,He was always fond of it.
746,Haldon,Illyrio,I thought I might continue on to Ghoyan Drohe with you.   said Haldon.
747,Haldon,Illyrio,"Dothraki have been seen north of Dagger  Lake, outriders from old Mothos khalasar, and Khal Zekko is not far behind him, moving through the  Forest of Qohor."
748,Haldon,Illyrio,Zekko visits Qohor every three or four years.
749,Haldon,Pono,   Haldon finished.
750,Haldon,Tyrion,Griff does not  want to risk being caught up in the crossing if Pono should decide to risk the Rhoyne.
751,Haldon,Tyrion,"Does your dwarf ride as well as he pisses?He rides,though he rides  best with a special saddle and a horse that he knows well."
752,Haldon,Illyrio,"My companion is Ser Duck.Ser Rolly,Rolly Duckfield."
753,Haldon,Illyrio,"And you, dwarf?"
754,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Yollo, he is called."
755,Haldon,Tyrion,"In Pentos I am Yollo,but my mother named me Hugor Hill.Are you a little king or a little bastard?"
756,Haldon,Tyrion,Every dwarf is a  bastard in his fathers eyes.No doubt.
757,Haldon,Tyrion,How did Serwyn of the Mirror Shield slay the  dragon Urrax?He approached behind his shield.Urrax saw only his own reflection until Serwyn had plunged  his spear through his eye.
758,Haldon,Tyrion,Even Duck knows that tale.Can you tell me the name of the knight  who tried the same ploy with Vhagar during the Dance of the Dragons?
759,Haldon,Tyrion,"Ser Byron Swann.He was roasted for his trouble  only the dragon was Syrax,  not Vhagar.I fear that youre mistaken.  "
760,Aegon,Haldon,Why should Swann want to slay  her?
761,Aegon,Haldon,Try not to tumble off the horse.
762,Aegon,Haldon,Our shy maid will not wait for man nor dwarf.Shy maids are my favorite sort.
763,Aegon,Haldon,"Tell me, where do whores go?Do I look like a man who frequents whores?"
764,Haldon,Illyrio,"He dont dare.Lemore would make him pray for pardon, the lad would  want to come along, and Griff might cut his cock off and stuff it down his throat.Well,a maester does not need a cock.Haldons only half a maester, though.You seem to find the dwarf amusing, Duck,He can ride with you."
765,Rolly,Tyrion,"Hold tight to the pommel and youll  do fine.The mares got a nice sweet gait, and the dragon roads smooth as a maidens arse."
766,Illyrio,Rolly,"Good fortune,Tell the boy I am sorry that I will not be with him for  his wedding."
767,Illyrio,Tyrion,"That I swear, by my sweet Serras hands."
768,Haldon,Tyrion,I wonder what the pirates of Dagger Lake will make of our dwarf?
769,Haldon,Tyrion,Dwarf stew?
770,Haldon,Tyrion,"Urho the Unwashed is the worst of them,His stench alone is enough to kill a man."
771,Haldon,Tyrion,"Fortunately, I have no nose."
772,Haldon,Tyrion,"If we should encounter the Lady Korra on Hags Teeth, you may  soon be lacking other parts as well."
773,Haldon,Tyrion,"Her ship is crewed by beautiful young  maids who geld every male they capture.Terrifying.I may well piss my breeches.Best not,As you say.If we encounter this Lady Korra, I will just slip into  a skirt and say that I am Cersei, the famous bearded beauty of Kings Landing."
774,Haldon,Tyrion,Perhaps His Grey Grace will  choose you to ornament his stony court.
775,Haldon,Tyrion,"Its not good to jape of that one, not when were so  near the Rhoyne.He hears.Wisdom from a duck,I beg your pardon, Yollo."
776,Haldon,Tyrion,The Prince of Sorrows does not bestow his grey kiss lightly.
777,Chett,Tyrion,"A weedy pinch-faced  sneak, he was, but the old lord had four daughters and only the one son, so no one was allowed to say a  word against him.Tother squires hardly dared to lay a finger on him in the yard.You were not so timid, though."
778,Harry,Tyrion,"My father made a longsword for me to mark my sixteenth nameday,"
779,Haldon,Harry,"When Griff  sent word downriver that he needed someone to help train his son to arms, Harry sent him me.And Griff knighted you?A year later."
780,Haldon,Harry,"Tell our little friend how you came by your name, why  dont you?A knight needs more than just the one name,and, well, we were in a field when he dubbed me, and I looked up and saw these ducks, so   dont laugh, now."
781,Haldon,Illyrio,"Those chests we brought you,Gold for the Golden Company, I thought at first, until I saw Ser Rolly  hoist a chest onto one shoulder.If it were full of coin, he could never have lifted it so easily.Its just armor,Clothing as well,Court clothes, for  all our party."
782,Haldon,Illyrio,The magister has been kind enough to provide us with suitable gifts.
783,Haldon,Tyrion,Lomas Longstrider told it true.The roads a wonder.Lomas Longstrider?
784,Haldon,Tyrion,"A scribe, long dead,He spent his life traveling  the world and writing about the lands he visited in two books he called Wonders and Wonders Made by  Man.An uncle of mine gave them to me when I was just a boy,I read them until they  fell to pieces.The gods made seven wonders, and mortal man made nine,Rather  impious of mortal man to do the gods two better, but there you are."
785,Haldon,Tyrion,"The fifth, I believe.The fourth,"
786,Tyrion,Tywin,"My brothers  could be relied upon to bring no shame upon House Lannister,Neither ever  wed a whore."
787,Tyrion,Tywin,Just see that you pay your own way and put aside any thoughts of returning.
788,Tyrion,Tywin,"If it is useful occupation you require, useful occupation you shall have,"
789,Rolly,Tyrion,"The  fabled Rhoyne,The Little Rhoyne,It is that."
790,Chett,Tyrion,What did you do to her?
791,Chett,Tyrion,I blew her a kiss.All the girls cry when I kiss them.
792,Chett,Tyrion,Duck!
793,Chett,Tyrion,Haldon!
794,Haldon,Tyrion,"That will be enough shouting,"
795,Haldon,Tyrion,"A dwarf?Whats this?I know, you were hoping for a wheel of cheese."
796,Haldon,Tyrion,"Blue hair may serve you well in Tyrosh, but in Westeros children will throw  stones at you and girls will laugh in your face."
797,Haldon,Tyrion,My mother was a lady of Tyrosh.I dye my hair in memory of her.What is this creature?
798,Haldon,Tyrion,"Illyrio sent a letter to explain.I will have it, then.Take the dwarf to my cabin."
799,Tyrion,Tywin,Tywin Lannister  dead?At your hand?At my finger.This one.
800,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Lord Tywin was sitting on a privy,  so I put a crossbow bolt through his bowels to see if he really did shit gold."
801,Illyrio,Tyrion,"I  mean to add my brother and sister to the list before Im done, if it please your queen.Please her?"
802,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Why does he imagine that Her Grace would  welcome the service of a self-confessed kingslayer and betrayer?The king I slew was sitting on her throne,  and all those I betrayed were lions, so it seems to me that I have already done the queen good service."
803,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Have no fear, I wont kill you, you are no kin of mine."
804,Illyrio,Tyrion,I do love to read about myself.
805,Illyrio,Tyrion,"There is blood between Targaryen and Lannister.Why would you  support the cause of Queen Daenerys?For gold and glory,Oh, and hate.If you had ever met my sister, you  would understand.I understand hate well enough."
806,Jaime,Tyrion,"Then we have that in common, ser.I am no knight."
807,Jaime,Tyrion,And yet Ser Duck says you  knighted him.Duck talks too much.Some might wonder that a duck can talk at all.
808,Jaime,Tyrion,"You have my word, all that I desire is to be leal  servant of your dragon queen.And how do you propose to serve her?With my tongue."
809,Jaime,Tyrion,"I can tell Her Grace how my sweet sister  thinks, if you call it thinking."
810,Jaime,Tyrion,Consider me your own true imp.
811,Jaime,Tyrion,"Understand this, dwarf."
812,Jaime,Tyrion,"Hold your tongue and do as you are told, or you will soon wish you had."
813,Jaime,Tyrion,"As you say, my lord.I am no lord."
814,Jaime,Tyrion,"It was a courtesy, my friend.I am not your friend either."
815,Jaime,Tyrion,A pity.Spare me your irony.
816,Chett,Tyrion,"Prove yourself more trouble than  you are worth, and you can go your own way."
817,Chett,Tyrion,"Valar dohaeris.You may sleep on the deck or in the hold, as you prefer.Ysilla will find bedding for you.How kind of her."
818,Chett,Tyrion,What if  we should find the queen and discover that this talk of dragons was just some sailors drunken fancy?
819,Chett,Tyrion,"Grumkins and snarks, ghosts and ghouls, mermaids, rock  goblins, winged horses, winged pigs  winged lions."
820,Chett,Tyrion,"I have given you fair warning, Lannister."
821,Davos,Tyrion,This is no game were playing for  your amusement.
822,Davos,Tyrion,"As you say, Captain,"
823,Chett,Davos,"Mlord,we found this man in the Belly o the Whale, trying to buy his way  off island."
824,Davos,Sweets,"Cut him free,and peel those gloves off him."
825,Davos,Sweets,"Any man can steal a ribbon,but those  fingers do not lie."
826,Davos,Sweets,I have been called worse things too.Aye.
827,Davos,Sweets,Turncloak.
828,Davos,Sweets,"I have never turned my cloak, my lord.I am a kings man.Only if Stannis is a king."
829,Davos,Sweets,"Most knights who land  upon my shores seek me in my hall, not in the Belly of the Whale."
830,Davos,Sweets,"Are  you returning to your old trade, onion knight?No, my lord."
831,Davos,Sweets,"The king sent me, with a message for  its lord.Then you are in the wrong place, with the wrong lord."
832,Chett,Davos,"This is  Sisterton, on Sweetsister.I know it is."
833,Chett,Davos,"You have friends here, I do not doubt,Every smuggler has friends on the  Sisters."
834,Chett,Davos,"I let them strangle  slowly, with their guts slapping up against their knees."
835,Chett,Davos,"If it is White Harbor that you want, why are you in  Sisterton?What brought you here?"
836,Davos,Salladhor,Storms.
837,Davos,Salladhor,"Stannis will be paying for them,He will be  paying for them with good gold, every one."
838,Davos,Salladhor,"Salladhor the Beggar, thats what your king has made me,Salladhor the Smashed."
839,Davos,Salladhor,"And my gold, where is all the gold that I was promised?"
840,Davos,Salladhor,"When, when?"
841,Davos,Stannis,Can he tumble promises into a  feather bed and fuck them till they squeal?
842,Davos,Stannis,"On Dragonstone I  was patient,"
843,Chett,Davos,"This north is much too cold, and getting colder."
844,Chett,Davos,Storms.
845,Chett,Davos,Storms were sacred on the Sisters before the Andals came.
846,Chett,Davos,They made storms every time they mated.
847,Chett,Davos,These kings  never bother with the Sisters.
848,Chett,Davos,Delivered  to me by the storms.
849,Chett,Davos,"Leave this man with me.He was never here.No, mlord.Never."
850,Davos,Sweets,"My lord,if you would send me on to White Harbor, His Grace would count it as  an act of friendship.I could send you to White Harbor,Or I could send you to some cold wet  hell."
851,Davos,Sweets,Sunderland would require me to hand you over if he knew of you.
852,Davos,Sweets,"Hed sell you to the queen for a pot of that Lannister gold.Poor man needs every dragon, with seven sons all determined to be knights."
853,Davos,Sweets,I used to curse the gods who gave me only daughters until I  heard Triston bemoaning the cost of destriers.You would be surprised to know how many fish it takes  to buy a decent suit of plate and mail.
854,Davos,Lysa,"Lord Sunderland is sworn to the Eyrie,By rights he should deliver me to Lady Arryn."
855,Lysa,Petyr,"Lysa Arryns dead,"
856,Davos,Petyr,Where are the pirates?
857,Davos,Petyr,The  Lyseni.
858,Davos,Salladhor,Where is he?At sea.
859,Salladhor,Stannis,"His Grace has  sent him south, to trouble the Lannisters and their friends."
860,Davos,Stannis,"Did that old pirate Saan make you swim to shore?I came ashore in an open boat, my lord."
861,Davos,Wyman,"Bah,he will kill you with these honors, old friend. Lord Godric said."
862,Davos,Stannis,You will find His Grace at Castle Black if my  lord would like to ask that of him.
863,Davos,Stannis,Is the Imp at Castle Black as well?The Imp?
864,Davos,Stannis,"He is at Kings Landing, condemned to die  for the murder of his nephew.The Wall is the last to learn, my father used to say."
865,Davos,Tywin,The queen will make a lord of any man who kills him.
866,Davos,Tywin,"You are telling me that Tywin Lannister is  dead?At his sons hand, aye."
867,Davos,Tywin,"When there were kings on the Sisters,  we did not suffer dwarfs to live."
868,Stannis,Tywin,Why would the gods give a man such a shape but to mark him  as a monster?
869,Stannis,Tywin,"My lord, will you grant me leave to send a raven to the Wall?His Grace will want to know of Lord Tywins death.Hell know."
870,Stannis,Tywin,"The Sunderlands dragged the Sisters into two of the  Blackfyre Rebellions, and we all suffered grievously for that."
871,Stannis,Tywin,Sit.
872,Stannis,Tywin,"Well  find dry clothes for you, but first youll eat."
873,Stannis,Tywin,We have a  guest to feed.Bring beer and bread and sisters stew.
874,Davos,Melisandre,"You have tasted sisters stew before?I have, my lord."
875,Davos,Melisandre,This is better than what youve had before.
876,Davos,Melisandre,"Are you  married, onion knight?I am, my lord.A pity."
877,Alester,Melisandre,Makes me  feel half a cannibal.
878,Alester,Melisandre,We heard tales that Stannis burned his  Hand.
879,Chett,Davos,"I did not burn,though Eastwatch almost froze  me.The Wall will do that."
880,Davos,Sweets,"Aye, she has the mark."
881,Davos,Sweets,Not the one who makes the stew.
882,Davos,Sweets,Eat.Its good.
883,Davos,Robert,Is it saffron that Im tasting?
884,Davos,Robert,Aye.
885,Davos,Robert,Theres pepper too.
886,Davos,Robert,"Cracked black pepper from Volantis, nothing finer."
887,Davos,Robert,Took it off a sloe-eyed maid.
888,Davos,Salladhor,"She was making  for Braavos, but a gale swept her into the Bite and she smashed up against some of my rocks."
889,Davos,Salladhor,The seas a treacherous cruel thing.
890,Davos,Salladhor,"The storms did you a kindness, blowing you to my door,Youd have found a  cold welcome in White Harbor."
891,Davos,Salladhor,"Lord Wyman means to bend his knee, and not to  Stannis."
892,Davos,Salladhor,"The Manderlys are no northmen, not down deep."
893,Chett,Davos,"The wolf king took their gold, but he gave them land and let them keep their gods."
894,Chett,Davos,"If Stannis thinks the fat man will ride the stag, hes wrong."
895,Chett,Davos,"And full of Freys, making for White Harbor.Freys?"
896,Chett,Davos,"The Freys killed Lord  Wymans son, we heard.Aye,"
897,Chett,Davos,"Words are wind, and the wind from Manderlys mouth means no  more than the wind escaping out his bottom."
898,Davos,Stannis,The Freys were bringing the fat fool a bag of bones.
899,Davos,Stannis,"Had it been my son, I would have returned the courtesy and thanked the Freys  before I hanged them, but the fat mans too noble for that."
900,Davos,Stannis,I had the Freys to supper.
901,Davos,Stannis,"Lord Wyman and Lord Walder have  made a pact, and mean to seal it with a marriage."
902,Chett,Stannis,"I have to reach White Harbor,Your lordship, I beg you, help me."
903,Robert,Stannis,"I have no love for northmen,The maesters say the Rape of the Three  Sisters was two thousand years ago, but Sisterton has not forgotten."
904,Davos,Robert,I had to eat his arrogance.
905,Davos,Robert,"Now he comes north humbled, with his tail between his legs."
906,Davos,Robert,Answer me that.
907,Alester,Davos,"The Hand has lost his tongue, it seems.He has no taste for sisters stew, or truth."
908,Davos,Tommen,"The lion is dead,Theres your truth, my lord.Tywin Lannister is dead.What if he is?Who rules now in Kings Landing?"
909,Davos,Tommen,Is it Ser Kevan?
910,Davos,Tommen,"If it were, youd be in chains.Its the queen  who rules."
911,Davos,Tommen,Stannis held Storms End against the Tyrells and the Redwynes.
912,Davos,Jon,This child king will not prevail against him.This child king commands the wealth of Casterly Rock and the power of Highgarden.He has the  Boltons and the Freys.
913,Davos,Jon,"Still  in this world only winter is certain.Eddard  Stark told my father that, here in this very hall.Eddard Stark was here?At the dawn of Roberts Rebellion."
914,Eddard,Jon,Be that as it may.
915,Davos,Marq,"If you lose, he told Lord Eddard, you were never here. No more than I was,"
916,Jon,Stannis,"Mance knows the haunted forest better than any ranger,He knows Tormund Giantsbane."
917,Joramun,Stannis,He did not bring down the Wall when he could have.
918,Jon,Melisandre,"We all must choose,Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same."
919,Jon,Mance,We choose light or we choose darkness.
920,Jon,Mance,We  choose the true god or the false.
921,Godry,Mance,"No,mercy.This is not right, Im not the  king, they..."
922,Joramun,Melisandre,FREE FOLK!
923,Joramun,Melisandre,And here is the  horn he promised would bring down the Wall.
924,Melisandre,Stannis,The Horn of Joramun?
925,Melisandre,Stannis,No.
926,Melisandre,Stannis,"The Lord of Light has  seen his children in their peril and sent a champion to them, Azor Ahai reborn."
927,Joramun,Melisandre,FREE FOLK!
928,Joramun,Melisandre,Behold the fate of those who choose the darkness!
929,Gilly,Jon,"Now,"
930,Jon,Mance,"And now his  Watch is done,"
931,Jon,Melisandre,"The Lord of Light made the sun and moon and stars to light our  way, and gave us fire to keep the night at bay,None can withstand his  flames.None can withstand his flames,"
932,Melisandre,Stannis,FREE FOLK!
933,Jon,Stannis,BEHOLD HIS GLORY!
934,Melisandre,Stannis,"Westeros has but one king,"
935,Melisandre,Stannis,With this sword I defend my subjects and destroy those who menace them.
936,Clayton,Melisandre,The choice is yours.
937,Clayton,Penny,"Open the gates.OPEN THE GATES,OPEN THE  GATES,OPEN THE GATES,"
938,Jon,Melisandre,"Come,Come to the light  or run back to the darkness."
939,Jon,Melisandre,"If you choose life, come to me."
940,Jon,Stannis,"The free folk despise kneelers,Let them keep their pride, and they will love you better."
941,Jon,Stannis,"It is swords I need from them, not kisses."
942,Bowen,Jon,This is a day I never thought to see.
943,Daenerys,Hizdahr,
944,Alliser,Jon,"For what?The realm will curse us all for this,Every  honest man in Westeros will turn his head and spit at the mention of the Nights Watch."
945,Alliser,Janos,Quiet in the ranks.
946,Melisandre,Stannis,"You are free to go,Tell your people what you witnessed."
947,Melisandre,Stannis,"I will brook no further attacks upon my Wall.One realm, one god, one king!"
948,Melisandre,Stannis,"One  realm, one god, one king!"
949,Jon,Melisandre,"ONE REALM, ONE GOD, ONE KING!"
950,Clayton,Moon,"Lord Steward,break up that stockade for firewood and throw the corpses in the flames.As my lord commands."
951,Jon,Stannis,"These wildlings  do you  think they will keep faith, my lord?Some will."
952,Jon,Stannis,"We have our cowards and our knaves, our weak-lings and our fools, as do  they.Our vows  we are sworn to protect the realm Once the free folk are settled in the Gift, they will become part of the realm,These are desperate days, and like to grow more desperate."
953,Jon,Stannis,"We must make common cause with the wildlings.Common cause against a common foe, I could agree with that,"
954,Bowen,Tormund,"Any foe would need to hack his way through.Or climb.Unlikely,These are not raiders, out to steal a wife and some plunder."
955,Jon,Tormund,"And if he should send climbers up, well, defending against  climbers is as simple as spearing fish in a kettle."
956,Alyn,Jon,"Mance Rayders bowmen must have loosed ten thousand arrows at us, judging  from the number of spent shafts weve gathered up."
957,Donal,Mance,"Whether we face a hundred foes or a hundred thousand, so long as were atop the Wall and theyre  below, they cannot do us harm."
958,Bowen,Jon,"If we seal the gates, we cannot send out  rangers,We will be as good as blind.Lord Mormonts last ranging cost the Watch a quarter of its men, my lord."
959,Janos,Jon,"No ground is higher than the Wall, Lord  Commander.Stannis promises land, food, and justice to any wildlings who bend the knee.He will never  permit us to seal the gates."
960,Janos,Jon,"Lord Snow, I am not one to bear tales, but there has been talk that you are  becoming too  too friendly with Lord Stannis."
961,Janos,Jon,I know what they say.
962,Janos,Jon,"What would they have me do, take up swords against Stannis and the wildlings both?"
963,Janos,Jon,"And we owe him and his a debt.Lord Stannis helped us when we needed help,"
964,Jon,Tyrion,"We must be  certain that we do not choose the losing side.It is not my intent to choose any side,but I am not as certain of the outcome of this  war as you seem to be, my lord."
965,Stannis,Tywin,"The lion in Kings Landing is a cub, and the Iron Throne has been known to cut grown men to  ribbons.A boy he may be, my lord, but  King Robert was well loved, and most men still accept that  Tommen is his son."
966,Jon,Melisandre,They complain.They complained about Lord Commander Mormont too.
967,Jon,Melisandre,Those without wives complain twice as much about their lords.
968,Jon,Melisandre,"I will leave you to finish  here, Bowen."
969,Jon,Melisandre,"I promise you, I will  think on all youve said."
970,Aemon,Jon,"It was a relief to see that horn burn, my lord,Just last night I dreamt I was pissing  off the Wall when someone decided to give the horn a toot."
971,Aemon,Jon,"It was better than  my old dream, where Harma Dogshead was feeding me to her pigs.Harmas dead,But not the pigs."
972,Aemon,Jon,I could do  with one myself.
973,Aemon,Samwell,I  will take supper with the men this evening.Boiled beef and beets.
974,Aemon,Samwell,"Hobb says  hes out of horseradish, though.What good is boiled beef without horseradish?"
975,Grenn,Satin,"The night is dark and full of turnips,Let us all pray for venison,  my children, with some onions and a bit of tasty gravy."
976,Jon,Satin,"Making mock of another mans prayer is fools work, Pyp.And dangerous.If the red gods offended, let him strike me down."
977,Jon,Satin,"It was the priestess we were laughing at,We were only having a jape, my lord.You have your gods and she has hers.Leave her be.She wont let our gods be,She calls the Seven false gods, mlord."
978,Jon,Satin,You saw.Lady Melisandre is not part of my command.
979,Jon,Satin,I wont have bad blood between the  kings men and my own.
980,Jon,Satin,"Croak no more, brave Toad, for our Great Lord Snow has  spoken."
981,Jon,Satin,"I beg pardon.Henceforth, I shall not  even waggle my ears save by your lordships lordly leave."
982,Jon,Satin,"Waggle your ears all  you like.Its your tongue waggling that makes the trouble.Ill see that hes more careful,and Ill clout him if hes not."
983,Jon,Satin,"My lord, will you sup with us?Owen, shove over and make room for Jon."
984,Jon,Stannis,"Another  day,Edd, best see to your own supper.I have work to finish."
985,Jon,Ygritte,"kneelers,"
986,Clydas,Jon,Do I intrude?
987,Clydas,Jon,Not at all.
988,Clydas,Jon,I was mulling wine.Will my lord take a cup?With pleasure.
989,Aemon,Jon,The queens men are saying that the King-Beyond-the-Wall died craven.That he cried for  mercy and denied he was a king.He did.
990,Aemon,Jon,As bright as the sun.
991,Aemon,Jon,To Stannis Baratheon and his magic sword.
992,Aemon,Jon,His Grace is not an easy man.
993,Aemon,Jon,"Many good men have been bad  kings, Maester Aemon used to say, and some bad men have been good kings.He would know."
994,Aemon,Jon,I looked at that book Maester Aemon left me.
995,Clydas,Jon,"Smoke and steam poured from  its mouth, its eyes melted and dribbled down its cheeks, and its body burst into flame."
996,Clydas,Jon,A sword that makes its own heat  would be a fine thing on the Wall.
997,Clydas,Jon,A pity that the sword that Stannis wields is cold.
998,Clydas,Jon,"Ghost, with me."
999,Donal,Irri,What is it?
1000,Grey Worm,Irri,Is it Daario?Whats happened?
1001,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"No, Khaleesi,it is your eunuch Grey Worm and the bald men."
1002,Daenerys,Grey Worm,Help me dress.
1003,Daenerys,Jhiqui,To clear my head.
1004,Daenerys,Jhiqui,Who is that weeping?Your slave Missandei.
1005,Daenerys,Jhiqui,My servant.I have no slaves.
1006,Daenerys,Irri,"Why does she weep?For him who was her brother,"
1007,Reznak,Skahaz,The Sons of the Harpy?
1008,Reznak,Skahaz,How many dead?
1009,Reznak,Skahaz,"N-nine, Magnificence."
1010,Reznak,Skahaz,"A dreadful night,  dreadful."
1011,Daenerys,Grey Worm,Tell me.
1012,Daenerys,Grey Worm,Your servants were set upon as they walked the bricks of Meereen to  keep Your Graces peace.
1013,Daenerys,Missandei,Your servants Eladon Goldenhair and Loyal Spear were poisoned at a wineshop where  they were accustomed to stop each night upon their rounds.
1014,Daenerys,Missandei,Have any of the  murderers been captured?Your servants have arrested the owner of the wineshop and his daughters.They plead their  ignorance and beg for mercy.
1015,Daenerys,Missandei,"Give them to the Shavepate.Skahaz, keep each  apart from the others and put them to the question.It will be done, Your Worship.Would you have me question them sweetly, or sharply?Sweetly, to begin."
1016,Daenerys,Missandei,It may be they had  no part in this.
1017,Daenerys,Missandei,"Nine, the noble Reznak said.Who else?Three freedmen, murdered in their homes,A moneylender, a cobbler,  and the harpist Rylona Rhee.They cut her fingers off before they killed her."
1018,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"We have no captives but this  wineseller?None, this one grieves to confess.We beg your pardon."
1019,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Skahaz, I have changed my mind.Question the man sharply.I could."
1020,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"That will wring  some names from him.Do as you think best, but bring me names."
1021,Daenerys,Grey Worm,I will have no more  Unsullied slaughtered.
1022,Daenerys,Reznak,"Skahaz, make me a new watch, made up in equal parts of shavepates and freedmen.As you command.How many men?As many as you require."
1023,Daenerys,Reznak,"Magnificence, where is the coin to come from to pay wages for so  many men?From the pyramids."
1024,Daenerys,Reznak,I will have a hundred pieces of gold from every pyramid  for each freedman that the Harpys Sons have slain.
1025,Daenerys,Reznak,"It will be done,but Your Radiance  should know that the Great Masters of Zhak and Merreq are making preparations to quit their pyramids  and leave the city."
1026,Daenerys,Reznak,"Let them go, but see that they take no more than the clothes upon their backs."
1027,Daenerys,Reznak,"Their stores of food as well.Magnificence,we cannot know that these great nobles mean  to join your enemies."
1028,Daenerys,Reznak,We must keep them safe as well.
1029,Daenerys,Skahaz,"A boy and a girl.Hostages,Pages and cupbearers.If the Great Masters make objection,  explain to them that in Westeros it is a great honor for a child to be chosen to serve at court."
1030,Missandei,Skahaz,Go and do as Ive commanded.I have my dead to mourn.
1031,Daenerys,Missandei,"Come sleep with me,Dawn will not come for hours yet.Your Grace is kind to this one."
1032,Daenerys,Missandei,He was a good brother.
1033,Daenerys,Missandei,Tell me of him.He taught me how to climb a tree when we were little.
1034,Daenerys,Missandei,"He looked so beautiful  that morning, this one  I mean, I loved him.As he loved you."
1035,Daenerys,Missandei,"Say the word, my sweet, and I will send you  from this awful place."
1036,Daenerys,Missandei,To Naath.I would sooner stay with you.
1037,Daenerys,Missandei,I feel safe  when Im with you.
1038,Daenerys,Missandei,I want to keep you safe.
1039,Viserys,Willem,No one ever kept me safe when I was little.
1040,Daenerys,Missandei,   whispered Missandei.
1041,Daenerys,Missandei,No.Mother to us all.
1042,Daenerys,Missandei,"Your Grace should sleep.Dawn will be here soon, and court.Well both sleep, and dream of sweeter days.Close your eyes."
1043,Barristan,Daario,"It has been so long,What if Daario has betrayed  me and gone over to my enemies?"
1044,Barristan,Daario,"What if he met another woman,  some princess of the Lhazarene?"
1045,Barristan,Daario,"There is no woman more lovely than Your Grace.Only a blind man could believe otherwise, and Daario  Naharis was not blind."
1046,Barristan,Daenerys,Missandei?
1047,Barristan,Daenerys,"Irri?Jhiqui?They sleep,"
1048,Daenerys,Moon,Quaithe?Am I dreaming?
1049,Daenerys,Moon,"I  dreamt of you on Balerion, when first we came to Astapor.You did not dream.Then or now.What are you doing here?How did you get past my guards?I came another way.Your guards never saw me.If I call out, they will kill you.They will swear to you that I am not here.Are you here?No."
1050,Daenerys,Moon,Beware the perfumed seneschal.Reznak?Why should I fear him?
1051,Daenerys,Moon,"If you have some warning for me, speak plainly.What  do you want of me, Quaithe?"
1052,Daenerys,Moon,To show you the way.I remember the way.
1053,Daenerys,Moon,And to touch  the light I have to pass beneath the shadow.
1054,Daenerys,Moon,I am  half-sick of riddling.
1055,Daenerys,Moon,  
1056,Daenerys,Missandei,Remember who you are.The blood of the dragon.
1057,Daenerys,Missandei,I remember the  Undying.
1058,Daenerys,Missandei,  
1059,Daenerys,Missandei,Who are you talking to?
1060,Barristan,Daenerys,"I  was praying,It will be light soon.I had best eat something, befor e court.I will bring you food to break your fast."
1061,Daenerys,Reznak,"The freedmen work too cheaply, Magnificence,Some call themselves  journeymen, or even masters, titles that belong by rights only to the craftsmen of the guilds.The  masons and the bricklayers do respectfully petition Your Worship to uphold their ancient rights and  customs.The freedmen work cheaply because they are hungry,If I forbid them to  carve stone or lay bricks, the chandlers, the weavers, and the goldsmiths will soon be at my gates asking  that they be excluded from those trades as well."
1062,Daenerys,Reznak,"Let it be written that  henceforth only guild members shall be permitted to name themselves journeymen or masters   provided the guilds open their rolls to any freedman who can demonstrate the requisite skills.So shall it be proclaimed,Will it please Your Worship to hear the noble Hizdahr  zo Loraq?"
1063,Hizdahr,Reznak,Let him step forth.
1064,Daenerys,Reznak,"Your barber has served you well, Hizdahr.I  hope you have come to show me his work and not to plague me further about the fighting pits."
1065,Daenerys,Reznak,"Your Grace, I fear I must."
1066,Barristan,Belwas,"Let them fight,"
1067,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I have refused you six times,Your Radiance has seven gods, so  perhaps she will look upon my seventh plea with favor."
1068,Daenerys,Hizdahr,There are seven of them as well.
1069,Goghor,Hizdahr,Here is Khrazz.
1070,Belaquo,Daenerys,"They have come to add their voices to mine own,  and ask Your Grace to let our fighting pits reopen."
1071,Daenerys,Goghor,"I will hear you,"
1072,Daenerys,Goghor,Why?
1073,Goghor,Spotted,"You are no longer slaves, doomed to die at a masters whim."
1074,Goghor,Spotted,"Why should you wish to end your lives upon the scarlet sands?I train since three,I kill since six."
1075,Goghor,Spotted,"Why not free to fight?If it is fighting you want, fight for me."
1076,Goghor,Spotted,Teach my other freedmen how to fight.
1077,Goghor,Spotted,"Before, I fight for master."
1078,Goghor,Spotted,"I say, fight for me."
1079,Goghor,Spotted,For gold.For glory.Goghor speaks for us all.
1080,Khrazz,Spotted,"The last  time I was sold, the price was three hundred thousand honors."
1081,Daenerys,Khrazz,"Now that Im free, I sleep on straw and eat salt fish, when I can get it.Hizdahr swears that the winners shall share half of all the coin collected at the gates,Half, he swears it, and Hizdahr is an honorable man."
1082,Daenerys,Khrazz,"And the losers?What shall they receive?Their names shall be graven on the Gates of Fate amongst the other valiant fallen,"
1083,Daenerys,Khrazz,"All men must  die, and women too  but not all will be remembered."
1084,Barristan,Missandei,I will consider  all youve said.Thank you for your counsel.
1085,Barristan,Missandei,"We will resume on the morrow.All kneel for Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the  Rhoynar and the First Men, Khaleesi of Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Shackles, and Mother of Dragons,"
1086,Barristan,Daenerys,"Tell me a tale, ser,Some tale of valor with a happy ending."
1087,Barristan,Daenerys,Tell me how you  escaped from the Usurper.Your Grace.There is no valor in running for your life.
1088,Daenerys,Joffrey,Please.  
1089,Joffrey,Sandor,"When they told me, I  I took off my cloak as they commanded, threw my sword at  Joffreys feet, and spoke unwisely.What did you say?The truth  but truth was never welcome at that court."
1090,Joffrey,Robert,"That was  when I knew that to redeem myself I must find the true king, and serve him loyally with all the strength  that still remained me.My brother Viserys.Such was my intent."
1091,Chett,Janos,"The gold cloaks who had pursued me from the castle  shouted for those at the gate to stop me, so they crossed their spears to bar my way.And you without your sword?How did you get past them?A true knight is worth ten guardsmen."
1092,Eddard,Varys,"Afterward I went into the Great Sept and thanked the  seven gods that Joffrey had stripped me of my cloak.Stark was a traitor who met a traitors end.Your Grace,"
1093,Robert,Viserys,"Rather than countenance the murder of children, he told Robert to find himself another  Hand.Have you forgotten Princess Rhaenys and Prince Aegon?Never.That was Lannister work, Your Grace.Lannister or Stark, what difference?"
1094,Melisandre,Stannis," The word caught in her throat.Hazzea, she thought, and suddenly she heard herself say,  in a voice as small as a childs whisper."
1095,Barristan,Viserys,As you command.
1096,Barristan,Daenerys,"No closer.You think they would harm me?I do not know, Your Grace, but I would sooner not risk your person to learn the answer."
1097,Chett,Daenerys,They are larger.
1098,Chett,Daenerys,"Is it true that dragons never stop growing?If they have food enough, and space to grow."
1099,Daenerys,Reznak,"At least rip out his tongue.This mans  lie could destroy us all, Magnificence."
1100,Daenerys,Reznak,"I would give Hazzea  back to you if I could,"
1101,Daenerys,Reznak,"Come back to me each year upon her nameday, and your other children shall not want   but this tale must never pass your lips again.Men will ask,They will ask me where Hazzea is and how she  died.She died of a snakebite,A ravening wolf carried her off."
1102,Daenerys,Reznak,"Tell them what you will, but never speak of dragons."
1103,Chett,Jacelyn,"No,noooo."
1104,Chett,Jacelyn,"Take it away, do it in the dark, please, oh please.Thats not him,Look at him.Weve got the wrong cell.Last cell on the left,This is the last cell on the left, isnt it?Aye."
1105,Chett,Jacelyn,"Whats he saying?I dont think he likes the light.Would you, if you looked like that?"
1106,Chett,Jacelyn,"And the stench of him.Im like  to choke.Hes been eating rats,Look."
1107,Chett,Jacelyn,He has.Thats funny.
1108,Chett,Jacelyn,"I did  it,I did, I did, I ate him, they do the same to me, please Talk to me,"
1109,Chett,Jacelyn,Do you remember who you are?
1110,Chett,Jacelyn,Talk to me.Tell me your name.
1111,Chett,Reek,"Please,"
1112,Chett,Reek,"Go,Please, you can have the rat, dont  hurt me Reek,Your name is Reek.Remember?"
1113,Reek,Walder,I remember.I do.
1114,Reek,Walder,My name  is Reek.It rhymes with leek.
1115,Big,Walder,"I know you,I know your names.Youre to come with us,His lordship has need of you,"
1116,Chett,Walder,"Take me back to Winterfell, mlord,I dont know the way."
1117,Ramsay,Walder,"Come with me, please."
1118,Chett,Ramsay,"Youve saved  us,"
1119,Chett,Ramsay,"We should  split up,They cannot track us both."
1120,Ramsay,Reek,"There you are,You  wound me, wandering off like this.Have you grown tired of my hospitality so soon?"
1121,Ramsay,Reek,You must be  punished.
1122,Big,Walder,Should we wash him?
1123,Big,Walder,"His lordship likes him stinky,Thats why he named him Reek."
1124,Ramsay,Reek,There he is.My sour old friend.Reek has been with me since I was a boy.
1125,Ramsay,Reek,"I had heard your serving man was dead,Slain by the Starks, they said."
1126,Ramsay,Reek,"The ironmen will tell you that what is dead may never die, but rises  again, harder and stronger."
1127,Ramsay,Reek,"He smells of the grave, though, I grant you that.He smells of nightsoil and stale vomit."
1128,Ramsay,Reek,Is there some reason you must  needs inflict him upon us whilst were eating?
1129,Ramsay,Reek,"Look again,His hairs gone white and he is three stone thinner, aye, but this  is no serving man.Have you forgotten?"
1130,Ramsay,Reek,Him?
1131,Ramsay,Reek,"Smiling, always smiling.He smiles less often now,I may have broken some of his pretty  white teeth.You would have done better to slit his throat,A dog who turns against  his master is fit for naught but skinning.Oh, hes been skinned, here and there,Yes, my lord."
1132,Ramsay,Stannis,
1133,Ramsay,Reek,"Reek, Reek, it rhymes with meek.    Ramsay observed."
1134,Ramsay,Reek,"Please, no more, no more, stop it hurting, cut it off,"
1135,Ramsay,Reek,"I ate a rat,A rat?"
1136,Ramsay,Reek,All the rats in the Dreadfort belong to  my lord father.How dare you make a meal of one without my leave.
1137,Ramsay,Reek,"This grows tedious,Kill him and be done with it."
1138,Ramsay,Reek,"That would spoil our celebration, my lord."
1139,Arya,Eddard,"You remember little Arya, dont you?"
1140,Reek,Roose,I remember her.
1141,Arya,Sansa,"Yes, my lord.Congratulations.Will you attend me at my wedding, Reek?"
1142,Arya,Sansa,"If you wish it, my lord.Oh, I do."
1143,Arya,Sansa,"Yes, my lord."
1144,Arya,Sansa,"I would  be honored.We must take you out of that vile dungeon, then."
1145,Bran,Ramsay,"You do want  to serve me, I know.Yes, my lord.More than anything."
1146,Bran,Ramsay,Im your Reek.
1147,Bran,Ramsay,"Please.Since you ask so nicely, how can I deny you?"
1148,Bran,Ramsay,"I ride to war, Reek.And  you will be coming with me, to help me fetch home my virgin bride."
1149,Hodor,Meera,They are here.
1150,Hodor,Meera,Where?
1151,Hodor,Meera,Close.
1152,Hodor,Meera,Somewhere.
1153,Hodor,Meera,"Hodor,"
1154,Bran,Coldhands,"Those wolves are close as well,The ones that have been following us.Summer can smell them whenever were downwind.Wolves are the least of our woes,We have to climb."
1155,Bran,Coldhands,Your warmth will draw them.
1156,Hodor,Meera,Is this the only way in?
1157,Hodor,Meera,"The back door is three leagues north, down a sinkhole."
1158,Jojen,Meera,"The way looks clear.Looks,Can you feel the cold?"
1159,Bran,Meera,Where are  they?Inside the cave?
1160,Bran,Meera,The cave is warded.They cannot pass.
1161,Bran,Meera,"You can see the entrance there.Halfway up, between the weir-woods, that cleft in  the rock.I see it,"
1162,Hodor,Meera,"Hodor.A fold in the rock, thats all I see,Theres a passage there."
1163,Bran,Meera,"If you can reach it, youll be safe.What about you?The cave is warded."
1164,Bran,Meera,It cant be more than a thousand yards from here to  there.
1165,Bran,Meera,"No ones here,Look at the snow.There are no footprints.The white walkers go lightly on the snow,Youll find no prints to mark their  passage."
1166,Bran,Jojen,"Come,Come, come."
1167,Bran,Jojen,"Its not so far,A little climb, and  well be safe.Maybe we can have a fire."
1168,Jojen,Meera,You go.
1169,Hodor,Meera,"I cant fight and carry Jojen both, the climbs too steep,Hodor, you take Bran up to that cave.Hodor."
1170,Bran,Hodor,"Jojen just needs to eat,"
1171,Bran,Meera,"He needs to eat,We all do, but theres no food  here.Go."
1172,Coldhands,Hodor,The light is fading.
1173,Coldhands,Hodor,Come.
1174,Bran,Hodor,"Hodor,"
1175,Bran,Coldhands,"Hodor, stop,Hodor.Wait."
1176,Coldhands,Hodor,"Hodor, no, go back."
1177,Bran,Hodor,"Hodor, hodor, hodor,"
1178,Bran,Hodor,A fire!
1179,Bran,Hodor,"Look, someone..."
1180,Bran,Hodor,Hoooodor
1181,Bran,Meera,HODOR!
1182,Bran,Jojen,"Hodor,Hodor, hodor."
1183,Hodor,Meera,HODOR!
1184,Hodor,Meera,"Hodor,Hodor, hodor."
1185,Daenerys,Hizdahr,
1186,Bran,Hodor,Hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor.
1187,Bran,Meera,"The snow,It fell on me.Buried me.Hid you.I pulled you out."
1188,Arya,Meera,"It was her who saved us, though.The  torch  fire kills them.Fire burns them.Fire is always hungry."
1189,Bran,Meera,Who are you?
1190,Bran,Meera,Shes a child.A child of the forest.
1191,Meera,Nan,"The First Men named us children,The giants called us woh dak nag  gran, the squirrel people, because we were small and quick and fond of trees, but we are no squirrels,  no children."
1192,Bran,Meera,"Before your Old  Tongue was ever spoken, we had sung our songs ten thousand years.You speak the Common Tongue now.For him."
1193,Bran,Meera,"I might be walking still, but my legs were sore  and my heart was weary, so I turned my feet for home.Two hundred years?"
1194,Bran,Meera,"Men, they are the children.Do you have a name?"
1195,Bran,Meera,When I am needing one.
1196,Bran,Meera,Our way is down.You must come with me now.
1197,Bran,Meera,The ranger He cannot come.Theyll kill him.No.
1198,Bran,Meera,He is waiting for you.The three-eyed crow?
1199,Bran,Meera,The greenseer.
1200,Bran,Hodor,What?
1201,Bran,Hodor,Meera?Where are we?
1202,Bran,Hodor,I had the strangest dream.
1203,Bran,Hodor,"Hodor,"
1204,Bran,Hodor,"Its weirwood roots,Remember the heart tree  in the godswood, Hodor?"
1205,Bran,Hodor,A tree cant hurt you.Hodor.
1206,Bran,Jojen,"Bones,Its bones."
1207,Bran,Hodor,Do we have to cross?
1208,Bran,Hodor,"No, boy,Behind you."
1209,Bran,Chett,Are you the three-eyed crow?
1210,Bran,Chett,A  crow?
1211,Bran,Chett,"Once, aye.Black of garb and black of blood."
1212,Bran,Chett,"I have been many  things, Bran."
1213,Bran,Chett,"And now you are come to me at last, Brandon Stark,  though the hour is late.Im here,only Im broken. said the pale lord."
1214,Bran,Chett,"You will never walk again, Bran,but you will fly."
1215,Tyrion,Yandry,"Day soon,Not soon enough.We need to be under way."
1216,Bronn,Tyrion,"I would kill for a cup of wine,"
1217,Bronn,Tyrion,"You are done with drink.Wine helps me sleep,"
1218,Bronn,Tyrion,"Then stay awake,"
1219,Chett,Tyrion,The others  should wake soon.The deck is yours.
1220,Lem,Lemore,"Good morrow, Hugor."
1221,Lem,Lemore,"How did you sleep?Fitfully, good lady.I dreamed of you again."
1222,Lemore,Tyrion,"A wicked dream, no doubt."
1223,Lemore,Tyrion,Will you pray with me and ask forgiveness  for your sins?
1224,Lemore,Tyrion,"No, but do give the Maiden a long, sweet kiss  for me."
1225,Lemore,Tyrion,"Plainly, this boat was not named for you,The Mother and the Father made us in their image, Hugor.We should glory in our bodies, for  they are the work of gods."
1226,Lemore,Tyrion,"Did you see the turtle, Hugor?"
1227,Lemore,Tyrion,The big ridgeback?
1228,Lem,Lemore,I missed the ridgeback.
1229,Lem,Lemore,I am sad for you.
1230,Lem,Lemore,I know you only rise so early in hopes of seeing turtles.I like to watch the sun come up as well.
1231,Lem,Lemore,"The turtles have their  charms, I will allow.Nothing delights me so much as the sight of a nice pair of shapely  shells."
1232,Tyrion,Yandry,"Now heres a sight to see,a dwarf and a duck, making the mighty Rhoyne that much mightier."
1233,Tyrion,Yandry,"Mother Rhoyne has no need of your water, Yollo.She is the  greatest river in the world."
1234,Tyrion,Yandry,"Big enough to drown a dwarf, I grant you."
1235,Tyrion,Yandry,"The Blackwater runs deeper.You do not know the river.Wait, and you will see."
1236,Tyrion,Yandry,"Good morrow, all."
1237,Tyrion,Ysilla,"I smell bacon,Good bacon,Sit."
1238,Tyrion,Yandry,"There is no law above the Sorrows, not for a thousand  years.And no people, so far as I can see."
1239,Tyrion,Yandry,"You do not know the river, Yollo."
1240,Tyrion,Yandry,The slave-catchers seldom come so far north.Slave-catchers would be a welcome change from turtles.
1241,Rolly,Tyrion,"Time to raise some  bruises.Swords today, I think.Swords?"
1242,Rolly,Tyrion,Swords will be sweet.
1243,Tyrion,Yandry,"Ducks should swim better than that,"
1244,Rolly,Tyrion,"Let us see how dwarfs swim,"
1245,Rolly,Tyrion,"You are not the first to try and drown me,My father threw me down a well the day I was born, but I was so  ugly that the water witch who lived down there spat me back."
1246,Rolly,Tyrion,"Where did you learn that?The mummers taught me,My mother loved me best of all her children because I was  so small."
1247,Cersei,Tyrion,"When I tried to run off the master mummer cut off half  my nose, so I had no choice but to go with them and learn to be amusing."
1248,Tyrion,Tywin,The gods made you a dwarf.
1249,Lemore,Tywin,"You were born a lion, not a  monkey."
1250,Lem,Lemore,"You have a gift for making men smile,You should thank the Father Above.He gives  gifts to all his children.He does,"
1251,Haldon,Tyrion,"We should reach the junction with the Noyne by  evening, Yollo,"
1252,Haldon,Tyrion,My name is Hugor.
1253,Haldon,Tyrion,Shall I let  him out to play?Best not.You might frighten the turtles.
1254,Haldon,Tyrion,"What did you tell me was the name of that street in Lannisport where you were born, Yollo?It was an alley.It had no name."
1255,Haldon,Tyrion,"I see you have been defacing more good parchment, Yollo."
1256,Haldon,Tyrion,Not all of us can be half a maester.
1257,Haldon,Tyrion,Fancy another game of cyvasse?
1258,Yandry,Ysilla,This evening.Will you join us for Young Griffs lesson?Why not?Someone needs to correct your errors.
1259,Haldon,Tyrion,"You need a bee up your  nose to speak Ghiscari properly,Again."
1260,Haldon,Tyrion,"We were discussing the  history of Volantis,Can you tell Yollo the difference between a tiger and an  elephant?Volantis is the oldest of the Nine Free Cities, first daughter of Valyria,After the Doom it pleased the Volantenes to consider themselves the heirs of the Freehold  and rightful rulers of the world, but they were divided as to how dominion might best be achieved."
1261,Aegon,Haldon,The tigers held sway for almost a century after the Doom of Valyria.
1262,Haldon,Tyrion,"Some years the tigers elect a triarch, and  some years they do not, but never more than one, so the elephants have ruled the city for three  hundred years.Just so,And the present triarchs?Malaquo is a tiger, Nyessos and Doniphos are elephants.And what lesson can we draw from Volantene history?If you want to conquer the world, you best have dragons."
1263,Jon,Satin,
1264,Haldon,Tyrion,"Languages, history,  songs, sums  a heady stew for some sellswords son.A book can be as dangerous as a sword in the right hands,Try to give me a  better battle this time, Yollo.You play cyvasse as badly as you tumble.I am trying to lull you into a false sense of confidence,You think you taught me how to play, but things are not  always as they seem.Perhaps I learned the game from the cheesemonger, have you considered that?Illyrio does not play cyvasse."
1265,Tyrion,Viserys,"The blame must fall on  you, then.If I play badly, it is your doing."
1266,Tyrion,Viserys,"Yollo, I shall miss you when the pirates cut your throat.Where are these famous pirates?I am beginning to think that you and Illyrio made them all  up.They are thickest on the stretch of river between Ar Noy and the Sorrows."
1267,Haldon,Tyrion,Are you ready?For you?
1268,Haldon,Tyrion,Less so.
1269,Haldon,Tyrion,"You are  learning,"
1270,Haldon,Tyrion,"If we do meet these fabled pirates, I may join up with them.Ill tell  them that my name is Hugor Halfmaester."
1271,Haldon,Tyrion,Hugor Halfwit would suit you better.I only need half my wits to be a match for you.
1272,Haldon,Tyrion,Perhaps you would care to wager on the outcome?
1273,Haldon,Tyrion,"How much?I have no coin.Well play for secrets.Griff would cut my tongue out.Afraid, are you?I would be if I were you.The day you defeat me at cyvasse will be the day turtles crawl out my arse."
1274,Tyrion,Yandry,"You have your wager, little man."
1275,Lem,Lemore,"Yollo,Wheres Haldon?Hes taken to his bed, in some discomfort.There are turtles crawling out his arse."
1276,Lem,Lemore,"Can you feel the storms in the air, Hugor Hill?"
1277,Lem,Lemore,And beyond that lie the Sorrows.
1278,Chett,Tyrion,"Yollo,tell me again of those Westerosi  rivers as big as Mother Rhoyne.I did not know,No river in the Seven Kingdoms is half so wide as this."
1279,Chett,Tyrion,"This is Ny Sar, where the Mother gathers in her Wild Daughter, Noyne,"
1280,Lem,Lemore,"You shall see, my little  friend."
1281,Tyrion,Ysilla,"We are blessed,We are blessed, we are blessed."
1282,Tyrion,Yandry,What was the  cause of all that noise?
1283,Tyrion,Yandry,"A turtle,A turtle bigger than this boat.It was him,The Old Man of the River."
1284,Chett,Davos,"She smells the way a mermaid ought to smell,She smells of the sea."
1285,Chett,Davos,How long will you be gone?A day at least.It may be longer.
1286,Chett,Davos,The Midwife will linger here three days.
1287,Chett,Davos,"They will look for me back in Sisterton.If things go well, I could be back by the morrow.And if these things go badly?"
1288,Chett,Davos,You need not wait for me.
1289,Davos,Small,Are people living in  the Old Mint?
1290,Davos,Small,Them as have no other place to live.
1291,Davos,Small,Most turned up with no moren the rags on  their backs.
1292,Davos,Small,How do they eat?
1293,Davos,Small,Some beg.
1294,Chett,Davos,"Any boy stands five feet tall can find a place in his  lordships barracks, long as he can hold a spear."
1295,Chett,Davos,"Does Lord Wyman mean to join the Bastard?Well,the next time his lordship comes down here hunkering for an  apple, Ill be sure and ask him.I heard his daughter was to wed some Frey.His granddaughter."
1296,Chett,Davos,Them seeds is good.
1297,Davos,Robert,You want food?
1298,Davos,Tywin,We got meat pies.What kind of meat is in them?The usual kind.Its good.
1299,Davos,Tywin,"Its grey, he means,Shut your bloody yap.You eat them.I eat all kinds o shit.Dont mean I like it."
1300,Hot,Hother,"The  Whoresbane his own self,with three hundred spear-men and a hundred archers."
1301,Hot,Hother,"Lord Wyman best send some men to fight if he knows whats good for him,Lord Roose, hes the Warden now.White Harbors honor bound to answer his  summons.What did any Bolton ever know o honor?"
1302,Hother,Stannis,Lord Wyman wont go no place.Hes too bloody fat.I heard how he was ailing.
1303,Davos,Stannis,"Hes too sick to get out o his  bed most days.Too fat, you mean.Fat or thins got naught to do with it,The lions got his son."
1304,Davos,Wyman,"I thought the Freys killed his son.Thats what we heard in  Sisterton.They killed Ser Wendel,His bones are resting in the Snowy Sept with  candles all around them, if you want to have a look.Ser Wylis, though, hes still a captive."
1305,Devan,Stannis,"Youre bloody mad,The Beggar Kings been dead for years.Some Dothraki horselord cut his head off.So they tell us,Might be theyre lying, though."
1306,Devan,Stannis,"None of us has ever seen his body.I never saw Joffreys corpse, nor Roberts,Maybe theyre all  alive as well.Maybe Baelor the Blesseds just been having him a little nap all these years."
1307,Davos,Devan,"Prince Viserys werent the only dragon, were he?"
1308,Davos,Devan,"A babe, he was.Wasnt there some princess too?"
1309,Chett,Davos,"Two,One was Rhaegars daughter, tother was his sister.Daena,That was the sister."
1310,Chett,Davos,"Or was it Daera?Daena was old King Baelors wife,I rowed on a ship named for her once.The Princess Daena.If she was a kings wife, shed be a queen.Baelor never had a queen.He was holy.Dont mean he never wed his sister,He just never bedded her, is all."
1311,Chett,Davos,"There was three.Daenela,That was her name.The Mad Kings daughter, I mean,  not Baelors bloody wife.Daenerys,She was named for the Daenerys who wed the Prince of Dorne during  the reign of Daeron the Second.I dont know what became of her.I do,When we were down to Pentos we moored beside a trader called the Sloe-Eyed Maid, and  I got to drinking with her captains steward."
1312,Chett,Davos,"Theres more profit in cloves and saffron, he tells me, and spices wont set fire to  your sails. "
1313,Axell,Davos,"Even dressed in silk and velvet, an ape remains an ape,A wiser prince would  have known that you cannot send an ape to do a mans work."
1314,Davos,Wyman,"I need to see Lord Manderly at once,My business is with him, and him alone."
1315,Daenerys,Reznak,"You were splendid,Seldom have I seen such grace, such beauty."
1316,Daenerys,Irri,"Escort our guests to  the baths, that they may refresh themselves, and bring them food and drink.It shall be my great honor, Magnificence."
1317,Jhiqui,Xaro,Tart.Would my lord prefer something sweeter?Sweetness cloys.Tart fruit and tart women give life its savor.
1318,Jhiqui,Xaro,"Daenerys, sweet queen, I cannot tell you what pleasure it gives me to bask once more in  your presence."
1319,Jhiqui,Xaro,"I feared she was sailing to her doom,  yet now I find her here enthroned, mistress of an ancient city, surrounded by a mighty host that she  raised up out of dreams."
1320,Jhiqui,Xaro,"I am glad you came to me.It is good to see your face  again, my friend."
1321,Daenerys,Galazza,"It was these calamities that  transformed my people into slavers,"
1322,Daenerys,Xaro,"I had to come,Even far away in Qarth, fearful tales had reached  my ears."
1323,Daenerys,Xaro,It is said that your enemies have promised wealth and glory and a  hundred virgin slave girls to any man who slays you.The Sons of the Harpy.
1324,Skahaz,Xaro,They scrawl on walls by night and cut the  throats of honest freedmen as they sleep.
1325,Skahaz,Xaro,They fear my  Brazen Beasts.
1326,Barristan,Daenerys,"I might have cause to fear the Sons if they saw   me wandering alone through the streets, but only if it was night and I was naked and unarmed.They are  craven creatures.A cravens knife can slay a queen as easily as a heros."
1327,Barristan,Daenerys,"Wherever have they gone?Aggo, Jhoqo, and Rakharo still serve me."
1328,Barristan,Daenerys,"I am only a young girl and know little of such things, but older, wiser men tell me that to hold Meereen  I must control its hinterlands, all the land west of Lhazar as far south as the Yunkish hills.Your hinterlands are not precious to me."
1329,Barristan,Daenerys,"Should any ill befall you, this world  would lose its savor.My lord is good to care so much, but I am well protected."
1330,Barristan,Xaro,"Barristan the Bold, they call him.Twice  he has saved me from assassins."
1331,Barristan,Xaro,"Barristan the Old, did you say?Your bear knight was  younger, and devoted to you.I do not wish to speak of Jorah Mormont.To be sure.The man was coarse and hairy."
1332,Daenerys,Xaro,"Let  us speak instead of love, of dreams and desire and Daenerys, the fairest woman in this world.I am drunk  with the sight of you."
1333,Daenerys,Xaro,"If you are drunk, blame the wine.No wine is half so intoxicating as your beauty."
1334,Daenerys,Xaro,Why  did you abandon me?
1335,Daenerys,Irri,It was time.Qarth wished me gone.Who?
1336,Daenerys,Irri,"Begged you, even.Only half a hundred times,You gave up too easily, my lord.For I must marry, all  agree.A khaleesi must have a khal,This is known.Shall I ask again?"
1337,Irri,Xaro,"No, I know that smile."
1338,Daenerys,Xaro,Humble merchants like myself are no more than stones beneath your jeweled sandals.
1339,Daenerys,Xaro,"Oh, stop that."
1340,Daenerys,Xaro,"I may be a young girl, but I am not so  foolish as to wed a man who finds a fruit platter more enticing than my breast.I saw which dancers you  were watching."
1341,Daenerys,Xaro,"The same ones Your Grace was following, I believe."
1342,Daenerys,Xaro,"If you will not take me for your husband, I am content to be your slave.I want no slave.I free you."
1343,Daenerys,Xaro,Whence came this madness?Should I count myself  fortunate that you did not free my own slaves when you were my guest in Qarth?
1344,Daenerys,Xaro,Your slaves seemed well treated and content.
1345,Daenerys,Xaro,"Do you know how Unsullied are made and trained?Cruelly, I have no doubt."
1346,Daenerys,Xaro,"If you would savor the sweet  taste of the fruit, you must water the tree.This tree has been watered with blood.How else, to grow a soldier?"
1347,Daenerys,Xaro,How else to achieve such perfection?
1348,Daenerys,Xaro,They are expert in all the  erotic arts as well.I had thought to make Your Grace a gift of them.By all means.
1349,Daenerys,Xaro,I shall free them.
1350,Daenerys,Xaro,And what would they do with freedom?
1351,Daenerys,Xaro,They were made to dance.Made by who?
1352,Daenerys,Xaro,"Have  you asked them?Perhaps your elephants would sooner be nightingales.Instead of sweet song, Meereens nights  would be filled with thunderous trumpetings, and your trees would shatter beneath the weight of great  grey birds."
1353,Daenerys,Xaro,"Daenerys, my delight, beneath that sweet young breast beats a tender heart   but take counsel from an older, wiser head."
1354,Daenerys,Xaro,Consider rain.Rain?
1355,Daenerys,Xaro,"We curse the rain when it falls upon our  heads, yet without it we should starve."
1356,Daenerys,Xaro,"For some men to be great, others  must be enslaved."
1357,Daenerys,Xaro,"Slavery is not the same as rain,I have been rained on and I have been sold."
1358,Daenerys,Xaro,No man wants to be owned.
1359,Daenerys,Xaro,"As it happens, when I came ashore in your sweet city, I chanced to  see upon the riverbank a man who had once been a guest in my manse, a merchant who dealt in rare  spices and choice wines.He was naked from the waist up, red and peeling, and seemed to be digging a  hole.Not a hole."
1360,Daenerys,Xaro,The  beanfields must have water.How kind of my old friend to help with the digging.
1361,Daenerys,Xaro,You have no slaves in Meereen.
1362,Daenerys,Xaro,Your friend is being paid with food and shelter.
1363,Daenerys,Xaro,"Meereen needs beans more than it needs rare spices, and beans require water.Would you set my dancers to digging ditches as well?Sweet queen, when he saw me, my old  friend fell to his knees and begged me to buy him as a slave and take him back to Qarth."
1364,Daenerys,Xaro,"Buy him, then.If it please you.I know it will please him."
1365,Daenerys,Xaro,There are truths only  a friend may tell you.
1366,Daenerys,Xaro,Is there some place where we might speak frankly?
1367,Daenerys,Xaro,"Come,Oh most beautiful of women,there are footsteps behind  us."
1368,Daenerys,Xaro,Shall we walk?
1369,Daenerys,Xaro,You spoke of help.
1370,Daenerys,Xaro,   
1371,Daenerys,Xaro,"The sea provides all the salt that Qarth requires, but I  would gladly take as many olives as you cared to sell me.Olive oil as well.I have none to offer.The slavers burned the trees."
1372,Daenerys,Xaro,"We are replanting, but it takes seven  years before an olive tree begins to bear, and thirty years before it can truly be called productive.What  of copper?A pretty metal, but fickle as a woman."
1373,Daenerys,Xaro,Qarth will gladly give you  gold  for slaves.Meereen is a free city of free men.A poor city that once was rich.
1374,Daenerys,Xaro,A bloody city that once was  peaceful.
1375,Daenerys,Xaro,"Meereen will be rich and fat and  peaceful once again, and free as well.Go to the Dothraki if you must have slaves.Dothraki make slaves, Ghiscari train them."
1376,Viserys,Xaro,"The  stench of all those horses  meaning no offense, Khaleesi.A horse has an honest smell.That is more than can be said of some great lords and merchant  princes."
1377,Viserys,Xaro,"Daenerys, let me be honest with you, as befits a friend."
1378,Viserys,Xaro,"The Butcher King has fled  back to his palace, his new Unsullied running at his heels.This is known."
1379,Viserys,Xaro,"The  Yunkaii have bought themselves new sellswords, and two legions from New Ghis fought beside them.Two will soon become four, then ten."
1380,Daenerys,Viserys,Some say that the Wise  Masters have bought the Golden Company as well.
1381,Daenerys,Viserys,I have sellswords too.Two companies.
1382,Daenerys,Viserys,Tolos and Mantarys have agreed to an alliance.
1383,Daenerys,Grey Worm,Meereen has made alliance with Lhazar.
1384,Daenerys,Grey Worm,The Dothraki horselords call the Lhazarene the Lamb Men.
1385,Daenerys,Grey Worm,They are not a martial people.
1386,Daenerys,Grey Worm,The Wise Masters should follow their example.
1387,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"If they should dare attack me, this time I  shall raze their Yellow City to the ground.And whilst you are razing Yunkai, my sweet, Meereen shall rise behind you."
1388,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Your eunuchs are fine soldiers, but they are too few to match the hosts  that Yunkai will send against you, once Astapor has fallen.My freedman...Bedslaves, barbers, and brickmakers win no battles."
1389,Grey Worm,Xaro,"Have you forgotten?I have dragons.Do you?In Qarth, you were seldom seen without a dragon on your shoulder  yet now that  shapely shoulder is as fair and bare as your sweet breast, I observe.My dragons have grown, my shoulders have not.They range far afield, hunting."
1390,Grey Worm,Xaro,Ask the Good Masters  of Astapor about my dragons if you doubt them.
1391,Grey Worm,Xaro,"Tell me true, old friend, why did you seek me out if not to trade?To bring a gift, for the queen of my heart.Say on."
1392,Grey Worm,Xaro,The gift you begged of me in Qarth.
1393,Grey Worm,Xaro,"I have brought you a fleet, to carry you home to  Westeros."
1394,Grey Worm,Xaro,And what price do you ask for these ships?None.
1395,Chett,Xaro,"Thirteen galleys, and men to pull the oars."
1396,Daenerys,Xaro,"I must consider this.May I inspect these ships?You have grown suspicious, Daenerys."
1397,Daenerys,Xaro,"I have grown wise, Xaro.Inspect all you wish."
1398,Daenerys,Xaro,"Swear by your dragons and your seven-faced god and the ashes of  your fathers, and go.And if I should decide to wait a year, or three?"
1399,Daenerys,Xaro,"That would make me very sad, my sweet delight  for  young and strong as you now seem, you shall not live so long.Not here."
1400,Daenerys,Xaro,The Yunkaii are  not so fearsome as all that.Not all your enemies are in the Yellow City.
1401,Daenerys,Xaro,"You had  not been gone from Qarth a fortnight when Pyat Pree set out with three of his fellow warlocks, to seek  for you in Pentos."
1402,Daenerys,Xaro,"It is good I turned aside, then.Pentos is half a world from  Meereen.This is so,yet soon or late word must reach them of the dragon queen of Slavers  Bay.Is that meant to frighten me?"
1403,Daario,Daenerys,"Only one thing frightens me now.And what is it that you fear, sweet queen?I am only a foolish young girl."
1404,Daario,Daenerys,But not so foolish  as to tell you that.
1405,Daario,Daenerys,Then you shall have my answer.As you say.Let me stay and help persuade  you.
1406,Daario,Daenerys,"No, my lord.I thank you, but no."
1407,Daario,Daenerys,"Some other night,  perhaps.Some other night."
1408,Barristan,Daenerys,"Drogon,where are you?"
1409,Barristan,Jorah,My  brother once told me a Westerosi riddle.Who listens to everything yet hears nothing?A knight of the Kingsguard.
1410,Barristan,Jorah,"You heard Xaro make his offer?I did, Your Grace."
1411,Barristan,Daenerys,"What do you think of it?Of him?Of him, little and less.These ships, though  Your Grace, with these ships we might be home  before years end."
1412,Daenerys,Groleo,"Beware of Qartheen bearing gifts, especially merchants of the Thirteen."
1413,Daenerys,Groleo,"   Ser Barristan  pointed out, "
1414,Barristan,Groleo,We can crawl over every inch of those ships.
1415,Barristan,Groleo,"Yes, make it so."
1416,Barristan,Drogo,This warlock that the merchant spoke of Pyat Pree.
1417,Daenerys,Drogo,"If a warlocks spell could kill me, I  would be dead by now.I left their palace all in ashes."
1418,Daenerys,Drogo,"As you say, Your Grace."
1419,Daenerys,Drogo,I will be watchful.
1420,Daenerys,Drogo,"I know you will.Come, walk me back down to the feast."
1421,Irri,Jhiqui,"Xaro Xhoan Daxos has offered me thirteen galleys,Thirteen is a bad number, Khaleesi,It is known.It is known,Thirty would be better,Three hundred better  still.But thirteen may suffice to carry us to Westeros."
1422,Daenerys,Irri,"The poison water is accursed, Khaleesi,Horses cannot drink it.I do not intend to drink it,"
1423,Daenerys,Ghael,"Your Radiance,the armies of the Yunkaii descend on Astapor. Daenerys reminded him."
1424,Daenerys,Ghael,Many of my freedmen were slaves in Astapor.
1425,Belwas,Ghael,"It  is up to you to defend it.We are all dead, then.You gave us death, not freedom."
1426,Daenerys,Ghael,"Enough,No one has ever died from  spittle.Take him away."
1427,Daenerys,Groleo,"The ships are sound, then?"
1428,Daenerys,Reznak,"Sound enough, Your Grace."
1429,Reznak,Skahaz,"It is a long hard voyage to Westeros, but these ships are sound enough to get us there,  Id judge."
1430,Reznak,Skahaz,Then it is true.Your Worship means to abandon us.
1431,Reznak,Skahaz,"The Yunkaii will restore the Great Masters the instant you are gone, and we who  have so faithfully served your cause will be put to the sword, our sweet wives and maiden daughters  raped and enslaved.Not mine,I will kill them first, with mine own hand."
1432,Daenerys,Missandei,"If you fear what may follow when I leave, come  with me to Westeros.Wherever the Mother of Dragons goes, the Mothers Men will go as well,How?"
1433,Grey Worm,Symon,"Thirteen ships  thats  not enough.A hundred ships might not be enough.Wooden horses are no good,Dothraki will ride.These ones could march overland along the shore,The ships could  keep pace and resupply the column.That might serve until you reached the ruins of Bhorash,Beyond that,  your ships would need to turn south past Tolos and the Isle of Cedars and sail around Valyria, whilst the  foot continued on to Mantarys by the old dragon road.The demon road, they call it now,"
1434,Barristan,Reznak,"Many and more of us would die.Those left behind in Meereen would envy them their easy deaths,They will  make slaves of us, or throw us in the pits.All will be as it was, or worse.Where is your courage?"
1435,Barristan,Symon,"Her Grace freed you from your chains.It is  for you to sharpen your swords and defend your own freedom when she leaves.Brave words, from one who means to sail into the sunset,Will you look back at our dying?Your Grace...Magnificence...Your Worship...Enough."
1436,Daenerys,Symon,No one will be left to die.You are all my people.
1437,Barristan,Groleo,"I will not abandon Meereen to the fate of Astapor.It grieves  me to say so, but Westeros must wait."
1438,Barristan,Groleo,We must accept these ships.  Ser Barristan went to one knee before her.
1439,Barristan,Daenerys,"Prince Rhaegars sister has come  home at last. If they love me so much, they will wait for me."
1440,Barristan,Daenerys,"Reznak, summon Xaro Xhoan  Daxos."
1441,Barristan,Xaro,"I have brought another gift for the queen of my heart,It has been in my family vaults since before the Doom that took Valyria."
1442,Daenerys,Xaro,A map?It is beautiful.
1443,Daenerys,Xaro,"There you see Astapor, and Yunkai, and Meereen."
1444,Daenerys,Xaro,Westeros is  somewhere down there.
1445,Daenerys,Xaro,"You turned north when you should have continued south and west, across the Summer   Sea, but with my gift you shall soon be back where you belong.Accept my galleys with a joyful heart,  and bend your oars westward."
1446,Daenerys,Xaro,"My lord, I will gladly have those ships, but I cannot give you the promise  that you ask."
1447,Daenerys,Xaro,"Give me the galleys, and I swear that Qarth will have the friendship of  Meereen until the stars go out.Let me trade with them, and you will have a good part of the profits."
1448,Chett,Xaro,What are you saying?Are you telling me you will not go?I cannot go.
1449,Chett,Xaro,I told the Thirteen that you would heed my wisdom.
1450,Daenerys,Xaro,You cannot know how many enemies  you have made.
1451,Daenerys,Xaro,"When I went to the Hall of a Thousand Thrones to beg the Pureborn for your life, I said that you  were no more than a child,"
1452,Daenerys,Xaro,"Grown, they are death and devastation, a flaming sword above the world."
1453,Daenerys,Xaro,"I should have slain you in Qarth.I was a guest beneath your roof and ate of your meat and mead,In memory of all  you did for me, I will forgive those words  once  but never presume to threaten me again.Xaro Xhoan Daxos does not threaten.He promises."
1454,Daenerys,Xaro,"And I promise you that if you are not gone before the sun comes  up, we will learn how well a liars tears can quench dragonfire."
1455,Daenerys,Xaro,Quickly.
1456,Daenerys,Xaro,gift
1457,Daenerys,Skahaz,What is this?
1458,Daenerys,Skahaz,"A bloody glove  means war,"
1459,Jon,Skahaz,"Careful of the rats, my lord."
1460,Jon,Skahaz,They  make an awful squeal if you step on them.
1461,Jon,Skahaz,"Might be she had a tail too, I never looked to see."
1462,Bowen,Wick,"These are the counts from three turns ago,for comparison with our present stores."
1463,Bowen,Jon,Is pilferage a problem?
1464,Bowen,Jon,"Not as yet,Once winter comes, though, your lordship might be wise to  post guards down here."
1465,Chett,Jon,"Were beneath the Wall.And soon inside it,The meat wont spoil in the cold.For long storage, its better  than salting."
1466,Bowen,Jon,"It is worse than I feared, my lord,"
1467,Bowen,Jon,How so?This seems a deal of food to me.It was a long summer.
1468,Aemon,Chett,"After that well be drinking the blood of our  own horses.Yum,Nothing beats a hot cup of horse blood on a cold night.I like  mine with a pinch of cinnamon sprinkled on top."
1469,Aemon,Chett,"There will be sickness too,"
1470,Aemon,Stannis,"In winters past, food could be brought up the  kingsroad from the south, but with the war  it is still autumn, I know, but I would advise we go on  winter rations nonetheless, if it please my lord."
1471,Aemon,Stannis,If we must.Well cut each mans portion by a quarter.
1472,Jon,Stannis,"That will help, my lord."
1473,Chett,Jacelyn,Now I understand why King Stannis let the wild-lings through the Wall.
1474,Jon,Stannis,"It will not come to that.Oh, good,They look a stringy lot, and my teeth are not as sharp as when I was  younger.If we had sufficient coin, we could buy food from the south and bring it in by ship,"
1475,Eddard,Wick,"We can always hunt if need be,Theres still game in the woods.And wildlings, and darker things,I would not send out hunters, my lord.I would  not."
1476,Dywen,Tormund,"Seal our gates  and plant your fat black arses on the Wall, aye, and the free folkll come swarming oer the Bridge o  Skulls or through some gate you thought youd sealed five hundred years ago,We dont have the men to watch a hundred leagues  o Wall."
1477,Dywen,Weeper,It works the same for crows.
1478,Bowen,Jon,"We cannot  leave King Stannis and his men to starve, even if we wished to,If need be, he could simply  take all this at sword-point."
1479,Bowen,Jon,"The wildlings must be fed as well.How, my lord?"
1480,Bowen,Jon,We will find a way.
1481,Devan,Jon,"He wont hurt you,No!"
1482,Devan,Jon,"Ghost, leave him be.Away."
1483,Devan,Jon,M-my lord.His Grace  c-commands your presence.
1484,Devan,Jon,"You mean requests,His Grace requests the presence of the lord  commander.Thats how Id say it.Leave it be, Edd."
1485,Devan,Jon,"Sir Richard and Ser Justin have  returned,Will you come, my lord?"
1486,Devan,Jon,If it would please His  Grace.
1487,Chett,Jacelyn,No.
1488,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Here he comes,the brave boy who slew  Mance Rayder when he was caged and bound."
1489,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Do you like my ruby, Snow?A token o love from Lady Red."
1490,Jon,Stannis,"Your Grace,Ive brought Lord  Snow.I can see that."
1491,Jon,Stannis,"You know my knights and captains, I believe.I have that honor."
1492,Jon,Rattleshirt,"There is wine.Or water boiled with lemons.Thank you, but no.As you wish.I have a gift for you, Lord Snow."
1493,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,Him.
1494,Jon,Melisandre,"You did say you wanted men, Lord Snow.I believe our Lord of Bones  still qualifies."
1495,Jon,Melisandre,"Your Grace, this man cannot be trusted."
1496,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,"If I send him ranging, hell just go back over to the wildlings.Not me.Im done with those bloody fools."
1497,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,"Ask your  red witch, bastard."
1498,Jon,Rattleshirt,"So long as he  wears the gem he is bound to me, blood and soul,This man will serve you  faithfully.The flames do not lie, Lord Snow."
1499,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Ill range for you, bastard,Ill give you sage counsel or sing you pretty  songs, as you prefer."
1500,Jon,Rattleshirt,Just dont ask me to wear your cloak.
1501,Jon,Stannis,"Lord Snow, tell me of Mors Umber."
1502,Jon,Stannis,The elder of the Greatjons uncles.
1503,Mors,Stannis,"His only daughter was carried off  by wildlings thirty years ago.Thats why he wants the head,Can this man Mors be trusted?"
1504,Godry,Mors,Your Grace should have him swear an oath before his heart  tree.
1505,Clayton,Godry,I had forgotten that you northmen worship trees.What sort of god lets himself be pissed upon by dogs?
1506,Jon,Stannis,"Your Grace, might I know if the Umbers have declared for you?Half of them, and only if I meet this Crowfoods price,He  wants Mance Rayders skull for a drinking cup, and he wants a pardon for his brother, who has ridden  south to join Bolton.Whoresbane, hes called."
1507,Godry,Jon,What names these northmen have!Did this one bite the  head off some whore?
1508,Godry,Jon,"You might say so.A whore who tried to rob him, fifty years ago in  Oldtown."
1509,Clayton,Hother,Have other lords  declared for Bolton too?
1510,Clayton,Jon,"I saw a town with wooden walls and wooden streets,  filled with men.Banners flew above its walls: a moose, a battle-axe, three pine trees, longaxes crossed  beneath a crown, a horses head with fiery eyes.Hornwood, Cerwyn, Tallhart, Ryswell, and Dustin,Traitors, all.Lapdogs of the Lannisters.The Ryswells and Dustins are tied to House Bolton by marriage,These  others have lost their lords in the fighting."
1511,Jon,Stannis,Your Grace would do well to accept his terms.
1512,Jon,Stannis,"He informs me that Umber will not fight Umber, for any cause."
1513,Jon,Stannis,"If it comes to swords, see where Hothers banner flies and put Mors on  the other end of the line."
1514,Jon,Stannis,You would make His Grace look weak.
1515,Godry,Jon,"Burn  Last Hearth to the ground and ride to war with Crowfoods head mounted on a spear, as a lesson to the  next lord who presumes to offer half his homage.A fine plan if what you want is every hand in the north raised against you."
1516,Godry,Justin,"If Whoresbane has joined the Bastard, it can only be  because the Lannisters hold the Greatjon captive.That is his pretext, not his reason,If the nephew dies in chains, these  uncles can claim his lands and lordship for themselves.The Greatjon has sons and daughters both.In the north the children of a mans body still come  before his uncles, ser.Unless they die.Dead children come last everywhere.Suggest that in the hearing of Mors Umber, Ser Godry, and you will learn more of death than  you might wish.I have slain a giant, boy.Why should I fear some flea-ridden north-man who paints one on his  shield?The giant was running away.Mors wont be."
1517,Godry,Justin,"You have a bold tongue in the kings solar, boy.In the yard you sang a  different song.Oh, leave off, Godry,"
1518,Justin,Stannis,"We all know what a big giant  sword you have, Im sure.No need for you to wave it in our faces yet again.The only thing waving here is your tongue, Massey.Be quiet,Lord Snow, attend me."
1519,Jon,Spare,"As they will not oblige me, it is  time I dealt with my other foes.I see."
1520,Jon,Spare,"I have no love for Lord Bolton or his  son, but the Nights Watch cannot take up arms against them.  "
1521,Jon,Spare,I have a mind to march against the Dreadfort.
1522,Hother,Jon,Does that surprise you?
1523,Jon,Roose,  
1524,Godry,Stannis,"The boy has milkwater in his veins,The craven sees an outlaw behind every blade of  grass."
1525,Jon,Stannis,Explain your meaning.
1526,Jon,Stannis,"To  reach the Dreadfort, Your Grace must travel down the kingsroad past the Last River, turn south by east  and cross the Lonely Hills."
1527,Jon,Stannis,"Those are Umber lands, where they know every tree and every  rock."
1528,Jon,Stannis,"Mors will cut your host to  pieces unless you meet his terms and win him to your cause.Very well.Let us say I do that.That will bring you to the Dreadfort,but unless your host can outmarch a raven or a  line of beacon fires, the castle will know of your approach. objected Justin Massey, "
1529,Jon,Stannis,"Sire, this  is a bold stroke, but the risk..."
1530,Jon,Stannis,"If Roose Bolton should catch you beneath his walls with his main strength, it will be the  end for all of you.Risk is part of war,Every battle is a gamble,  Snow.The man who does nothing also takes a risk.There are risks and risks, Ser Richard."
1531,Arnolf,Stannis,   Stannis said.
1532,Arnolf,Justin,"A strong castle weakly held is weak.Fifty men inside a castle are worth five hundred outside.That depends upon the men,These will be greybeards and green boys,  the men this bastard did not deem fit for battle.Our own men were blooded and tested on the  Blackwater, and they are led by knights.You saw how we went through the wildlings."
1533,Justin,Stannis,"The  Karstarks have sworn to join us at the Dreadfort, and we will have our wildlings as well."
1534,Justin,Stannis,Their women  fight as well.
1535,Justin,Stannis,"Not for me, ser."
1536,Jon,Mag,"First, though, we must needs arm them."
1537,Jon,Mag,"I  could find three hundred spears,Helms as well, if youll take them old and dinted  and red with rust.Armor?"
1538,Jon,Mag,Plate?Mail?When Donal Noye died we lost our armorer.
1539,Godry,Stannis,"Boiled leather will suffice,Once weve tasted battle, the survivors can loot the  dead."
1540,Godry,Stannis,"Drinking from Mance Rayders skull may give Mors Umber pleasure, but seeing wildlings cross his lands  will not."
1541,Justin,Stannis,Taking them will only serve to turn my lord fathers bannermen against you.Your fathers bannermen seem to have no liking for my cause in any case.
1542,Justin,Stannis,Another doomed pretender?
1543,Justin,Stannis,Leave me.
1544,Justin,Stannis,"Lord  Snow, remain."
1545,Chett,Jacelyn,
1546,Eddard,Jon,The smiler or the slayer?Winterfell belongs to my sister Sansa.I have heard all I need to hear of Lady Lannister and her claim.
1547,Eddard,Jon,You  could bring the north to me.
1548,Eddard,Stannis,"Take a knee and swear that  bastard sword to me, and rise as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North."
1549,Eddard,Stannis,My sword is sworn to the Nights Watch.
1550,Eddard,Stannis,Your father was a stubborn man as well.
1551,Arnolf,Jon,A good  northman.A northman.
1552,Arnolf,Jon,The Karstarks abandoned my brother amongst his enemies.After your brother took off Lord Rickards head.
1553,Arnolf,Stannis,"The blood of Winterfell.No more than half the other Houses of the north.Those other Houses have not declared for me.Arnolf Karstark is an old man with a crooked back, and even in his youth he was never the  fighter Lord Rickard was.The rigors of the campaign may well kill him.He has heirs,Two sons, six grandsons, some daughters.If Robert had  fathered trueborn sons, many who are dead might still be living.Your Grace would do better with Mors Crowfood.The Dreadfort will be the proof of that.Then you mean to go ahead with this attack?Despite the counsel of the great Lord Snow?"
1554,Jon,Roose,"I must strike  and show the north that I am still a man to fear.The merman of Manderly was not amongst those banners Lady Melisandre saw in her fires,If you had White Harbor and Lord Wymans knights "
1555,Jon,Robert,I must deal my foes a  mortal blow before they know that I am on them.
1556,Eddard,Stannis,"Your Grace, I know where you might find more men.Give me the  wildlings, and I will gladly tell you where and how.I gave you Rattleshirt.Be content with him.I want them all.Some of your own Sworn Brothers would have me believe that you are half a wildling yourself.Is it true?To you they are only arrow fodder."
1557,Eddard,Stannis,"Give them to  me to do with as I will, and Ill show you where to find your victory  and men as well."
1558,Eddard,Stannis,"You haggle like a crone with a codfish, Lord Snow."
1559,Eddard,Stannis,How many men?Two thousand.Perhaps three.Three thousand?What manner of men are these?Proud.
1560,Eddard,Stannis,Prickly where their honor is concerned but fierce fighters.This had best not be some bastards trick.
1561,Jon,Stannis,"If I leave the girl with you as well, do I have your word that  you will keep our princess closely?"
1562,Jon,Stannis,"As you wish, Your Grace.Do I need to make you swear an oath before a tree?No."
1563,Jon,Stannis,"Done, then.Now, where are these  men?Youll find them here."
1564,Jon,Stannis,Those mountains?
1565,Jon,Stannis,"I see no castles marked there.No roads, no  towns, no villages.The map is not the land, my father often said."
1566,Jon,Torrhen,"When they are not fighting one another, they tend their herds, fish  the Bay of Ice, and breed the hardiest mounts youll ever ride.And they will fight for me, you believe?If you ask them.Why should I beg for what is owed me?Ask, I said, not beg."
1567,Jon,Torrhen,It is no good sending messages.
1568,Stannis,Torrhen,"He is no king of mine. How many clans are you speaking of?Two score, small and large.Flint, Wull, Norrey, Liddle  win Old Flint and Big Bucket, the rest  will follow.Big Bucket?The Wull."
1569,Jon,Stannis,I could give you guides.Could?
1570,Jon,Stannis,Or will?Will.
1571,Jon,Stannis,The paths up there are little more  than goat tracks.Goat tracks?
1572,Jon,Stannis,"I speak of moving swiftly, and you waste my time  with goat tracks?When the Young Dragon conquered Dorne, he used a goat track to bypass the Dornish  watchtowers on the Boneway.I know that tale as well, but Daeron made too much of it in that vain-glorious book of his."
1573,Jon,Stannis,Oakenfist broke the Planky Town and swept halfway up the Greenblood  whilst the main Dornish strength was engaged in the Princes Pass.
1574,Jon,Stannis,These mountain lords will not hinder my passage?Only with feasts.
1575,Jon,Melisandre,"My lord father said he  never ate half so well as when visiting the clans.For three thousand men, I suppose I can endure some pipes and porridge,"
1576,Jon,Melisandre,"My lady, fair warning."
1577,Jon,Melisandre,The clansmen will not suffer insults to their heart trees.
1578,Jon,Melisandre,"Have no fear, Jon Snow, I will not trouble your mountain savages  and their dark gods.My place is here with you and your brave brothers.Where would you have me lead these stalwarts if not against the Dreadfort?"
1579,Jon,Stannis,Deepwood Motte.
1580,Jon,Stannis,"If Bolton means  to fight the ironmen, so must you."
1581,Jon,Stannis,"The  going will be slower through the mountains, admittedly, but up there your host can move unseen, to  emerge almost at the gates of Deepwood."
1582,Jon,Stannis,"When Balon Greyjoy rose the first time, I beat the ironmen at sea,  where they are fiercest."
1583,Jon,Stannis,"If I can smash the ironmen as well, the north will know it has a king again."
1584,Haldon,Ysilla,"I do not like this place,Frightened of a little fog?"
1585,Tyrion,Ysilla,"This is no common fog, Hugor Hill,It stinks of sorcery, as you would know if  you had a nose to smell it."
1586,Tyrion,Ysilla,"There are restless spirits in the air here and tormented souls below the  water.Theres one now,"
1587,Small,Ysilla,"You should not make mock,The whispering dead hate the warm and quick and  ever seek for more damned souls to join them.I doubt they have a shroud my size."
1588,Haldon,Ysilla,Hatred does not stir the stone men half so much as hunger.
1589,Haldon,Ysilla,"Nothing any sane man would want to eat  grows in these fogs.Thrice each year the triarchs of Volantis send a galley upriver with provisions, but  the mercy ships are oft late and sometimes bring more mouths than food.There must be fish in the river.I would not eat any fish taken from these waters,I would not.Wed do well not to breathe the fog either,Garins Curse is all about us."
1590,Haldon,Tyrion,"Garins Curse is only greyscale,"
1591,Tyrion,Ysilla,"Damp is said to be the culprit,Foul humors in the air.Not curses.The conquerors did not believe either, Hugor Hill,The men of Volantis and Valyria  hung Garin in a golden cage and made mock as he called upon his Mother to destroy them."
1592,Tyrion,Ysilla,"Their cold breath rises from the  murk to make these fogs, and their flesh has turned as stony as their hearts."
1593,Lem,Lemore,"Let them try and trouble us, well show them  what were made of.We are made of blood and bone, in the image of the Father and the Mother,Make no vainglorious boasts, I beg you."
1594,Lem,Lemore,"The stone men were proud as  well, and the Shrouded Lord was proudest of them all."
1595,Tyrion,Yandry,"Is there a Shrouded Lord?Or  is he just some tale?The Shrouded Lord has ruled these mists since Garins day,Some say that he  himself is Garin, risen from his watery grave.The dead do not rise,"
1596,Lem,Lemore,"This  one is a corsair from the Basilisk Islands who believed the Rhoyne would offer richer pickings than the  Summer Sea.Aye, Ive heard that too,but theres another tale I like better. said Griff."
1597,Lemore,Tyrion,What was that?Where?
1598,Lemore,Tyrion,"Something moved.I saw the water rippling.A turtle,A big snapper, thats all it was."
1599,Tyrion,Yandry,"This was the most beautiful city on the river, and the richest,Chroyane, the  festival city."
1600,Tyrion,Yandry,"Boat,Who are you?Shy Maid,Kingfisher.Up or down?Down.Hides and honey, ale and tallow.Up.Knives and needles, lace and linen, spice wine.What word from old Volantis?"
1601,Tyrion,Yandry,"War,Where?"
1602,Tyrion,Yandry,"When?When the year turns,Nyessos and Malaquo go hand in hand, and the  elephants show stripes."
1603,Tyrion,Yandry,Is it wise to shout through the fog at boats we cannot see?
1604,Tyrion,Yandry,What if they were  pirates?
1605,Tyrion,Yandry,"The pirates will not sail into the Sorrows,Elephants with stripes?"
1606,Tyrion,Yandry,What is that about?
1607,Tyrion,Yandry,Illyrio has paid Triarch Nyessos enough to own  him eight times over.In gold or cheese?
1608,Tyrion,Yandry,"Unless you can cut this fog with your next witticism, keep it to yourself."
1609,Tyrion,Tysha,"The Palace of Love,That was the Rhoynar name,but for a thousand years this has been  the Palace of Sorrow."
1610,Tyrion,Tysha,"Wherever whores go,"
1611,Haldon,Tysha,"How much more of this fog must we endure?Another hour should see us clear of the Sorrows,From there on,  this should be a pleasure cruise."
1612,Haldon,Tyrion,  
1613,Haldon,Tyrion,"The Bridge of Dream,There will be stone men on the span."
1614,Haldon,Tyrion,"On no account let them touch you.They may not even see us,The fog will hide us from them until we  are almost at the bridge, and then we will be past before they know that we are here."
1615,Lem,Lemore,"Yollo, light the torches.Lad, take Lemore back to her cabin and stay  with her."
1616,Lem,Lemore,"Lemore knows where her cabin is.I want to stay.We are sworn to protect you,I dont need to be protected."
1617,Lem,Lemore,"Im half a knight.And half a boy,Do as you are told.Now."
1618,Haldon,Ysilla,Why should I run and  hide?
1619,Haldon,Ysilla,"Even Hugor.Aye,but Im small enough to hide behind a duck."
1620,Lemore,Tyrion,"Youre a dwarf,My secret is revealed,Aye, Im  less than half of Haldon, and no one gives a mummers fart whether I live or die."
1621,Lemore,Tyrion,"You,  though  you are everything.Dwarf,I warned you..."
1622,Lem,Lemore,Seven save us all.
1623,Tyrion,Yandry,What do you mean?
1624,Lemore,Yandry,"Why am I everything?Why,if the stone men had taken Yandry or Griff or our lovely Lemore, we would  have grieved for them and gone on."
1625,Lem,Lemore,He knows who I am.
1626,Lemore,Tyrion,"Youre Young Griff, son of Griff the sellsword,Or perhaps you are the Warrior in mortal  guise.Let me take a closer look."
1627,Lemore,Tyrion,"Leave off,or you will wish you had."
1628,Lemore,Tyrion,"The blue hair makes your eyes seem blue, thats good."
1629,Tyrion,Tywin,"I  must admit, you have noble features for a dead boy."
1630,Tyrion,Tywin,I am not dead.How not?
1631,Tyrion,Tywin,Those who had the stomach to lift the  cloak said that half your head was gone.
1632,Tyrion,Tywin,"Your...?...father, aye."
1633,Tyrion,Tywin,Perhaps you may have heard of him.
1634,Tyrion,Tywin,Lannister?   
1635,Tyrion,Tywin,"Griff, is it?"
1636,Tyrion,Tywin,You should thank the  gods that Varys the Spider is a part of this plot of yours.
1637,Tyrion,Tywin,"Who better to raise Prince Rhaegars infant son than Prince  Rhaegars dear friend Jon Connington, once Lord of Griffins Roost and Hand of the King?Be quiet."
1638,Lem,Lemore,Ahead.
1639,Lem,Lemore,A light.
1640,Lem,Lemore,"Kingfisher,Her, or some other like her."
1641,Haldon,Tyrion,"The Bridge of Dream,Inconceivable,Weve left the  bridge behind.Rivers only run one way.Mother Rhoyne runs how she will,Seven save us,"
1642,Lem,Lemore,"Haldon, get the prince below,"
1643,Haldon,Tyrion,Did we get them all?
1644,Haldon,Tyrion,"How many jumped?Two,Three,Behind you."
1645,Chett,Tyrion,Stand aside!The prince!
1646,Davos,Tywin,"His lordship will hear you now, smuggler."
1647,Chett,Davos,"May I know your name, ser?Ser Marlon Manderly."
1648,Chett,Davos,I have the honor to be Lord Wymans cousin and  commander of his garrison.Follow me.
1649,Chett,Davos,"Ser Davos of House  Seaworth,"
1650,Davos,Wyman,"You stand before  Wyman Manderly, Lord of White Harbor and Warden of the White Knife, Shield of the Faith, Defender of   the Dispossessed, Lord Marshal of the Mander, a Knight of the Order of the Green Hand,In  the Mermans Court, it is customary for vassals and petitioners to kneel."
1651,Davos,Wyman,"I have not come as a petitioner,I  have a string of titles too.Lord of the Rainwood, Admiral of the Narrow Sea, Hand of the King."
1652,Chett,Davos,"An admiral without ships, a hand without  fingers, in service to a king without a throne.Is this a knight who comes before us, or the answer to a  childs riddle?He is a messenger, good-daughter,an onion of ill omen."
1653,Chett,Davos,"You have visited our city before, I think, taking coin from our  pockets and food off our table.How much did you steal from me, I wonder?"
1654,Chett,Davos,"I paid for my smuggling at Storms End, my lord."
1655,Davos,Wyman,"Four fingertips, for a lifetimes worth of theft?"
1656,Davos,Wyman,"You got off cheaply, Onion Knight."
1657,Davos,Wyman,"If it please my lord, I would request a privy audience."
1658,Davos,Wyman,"I keep no secrets from my kin, nor from my leal lords and knights,  good friends all.My lord,I would not want my words to be heard by His Graces enemies  or by  your lordships.Stannis may have enemies in this hall.I do not.Not even the men who slew your son?"
1659,Davos,Wyman,These Freys were amongst his hosts at  the Red Wedding.
1660,Davos,Wyman,The Red Wedding was the Young Wolfs work.
1661,Davos,Wyman,"He would  have slain my lord father too, if Ser Wendel had not put himself in the way."
1662,Davos,Wyman,Wendel was always a brave boy.I was not surprised to learn  he died a hero.
1663,Davos,Tytos,Is it your claim that Robb Stark killed Wendel  Manderly?
1664,Davos,Tytos,And many more.
1665,Davos,Jared,It was all my brothers and I could do to put them down  before they slew us all.
1666,Davos,Jared,"Ser,  may I have your name?Ser Jared, of House Frey.Jared of House Frey, I name you liar."
1667,Jared,Wyman,"Some men cry when slicing onions, but I have never had that  weakness."
1668,Jared,Wyman,"If you are indeed a knight, ser,  defend that slander with your body."
1669,Jared,Wyman,"Ill have no bloodshed in the Mermans Court.Put up your  steel, Ser Jared, else I must ask you to leave my presence."
1670,Jared,Wyman,"Beneath your lordships roof, your lord-ships word is law  but I  shall want a reckoning with this onion lord before he leaves this city.Blood!"
1671,Jared,Wyman,"Thats what this ill onion wants of us, my lord."
1672,Davos,Wyman,   Lord Wyman said.
1673,Robert,Tommen,"The boy  on the Iron Throne is a usurper,and I am no traitor, but the Hand of Stannis Baratheon, the  First of His Name, the trueborn King of Westeros."
1674,Robert,Tommen,"Stannis Baratheon was brother to our late King Robert, may  the Father judge him justly."
1675,Tommen,Wyman,"A son must come before a brother.Maester Theomore speaks truly,He is wise in all such matters, and has  always given me good counsel.A trueborn son comes before a brother,but Tommen-called-Baratheon is  bastard-born, as his brother Joffrey was before him."
1676,Joffrey,Stannis,"He speaks treason with his own lips, my lord."
1677,Jared,Stannis,"You should take his lying tongue.Take his head, rather,Or let him meet me on the field of honor.What would a Frey know of honor?"
1678,Edric,Wyman,"Step  back, my friends.I will hear him out before I  before I deal with him.Can you offer any proof of this incest, ser?"
1679,Melisandre,Wyman,"You have the word of Stannis Baratheon that all Ive said is true.Words are wind,And men will lie to get their way, as any maid could tell you.Proof requires more than some lords unsupported word,Stannis Baratheon would not be the first man who ever lied to win a throne."
1680,Davos,Wyman,"We want no part of any treason, you."
1681,Davos,Stannis,"Pour no more poison in our ears, or my  good-father will send you to the Wolfs Den."
1682,Davos,Stannis,Might I have the honor of my ladys name?
1683,Stannis,Wyman,"The Lady Leona is wife to Lord  Wymans son Ser Wylis, presently a captive of the Lannisters."
1684,Devan,Leo,"My lord,I pray no harm will come to your son, or to any man of  White Harbor.Another lie,"
1685,Davos,Wyman,"When Robb Stark took up arms against the bastard  Joffrey-called-Baratheon, White Harbor marched with him.Lord Stark has fallen, but his war goes on.Robb Stark was my liege lord,Who is this man Stannis?"
1686,Davos,Wyman,"Yet he turns up now, a  beaten cur with his helm in his hand, begging for alms.He came to save the realm, my lord,To defend your lands against the  ironborn and the wildlings."
1687,Leo,Wyman,"It has been centuries since  White Harbor has seen any wildlings, and the ironmen have never troubled this coast.Does Lord Stannis  propose to defend us from snarks and dragons too?"
1688,Davos,Leo,"Ironmen from the isles, wildlings from beyond the Wall  and now this traitor lord with his outlaws,  rebels, and sorcerers."
1689,Davos,Leo,"We have heard of your red witch, oh yes.She  would turn us against the Seven to bow before a fire demon!"
1690,Leo,Selyse,Lady  Melisandre is a priestess of the red god.
1691,Leo,Selyse,Myself among them.
1692,Leo,Stannis,"The Seven defend White Harbor,We do not fear your red queen or her  god."
1693,Leo,Wyman,The prayers of godly men will shield us against evil.Indeed.
1694,Leo,Wyman,"Lord Davos, if you are a lord, I  know what your so-called king would have of me.Steel and silver and a bended knee."
1695,Leo,Wyman,"Before he was slain, Lord Tywin offered White Harbor full pardon for our  support of the Young Wolf."
1696,Davos,Stannis,"So I ask you, Onion  Knight...what does Lord Stannis offer me in return for my allegiance?"
1697,Davos,Stannis,"The chance to do your  duty,"
1698,Stannis,Wyman,Duty.I see.White Harbor is not strong enough to stand alone.
1699,Davos,Wyman,"Together you can defeat your common enemies.My lord,will you permit me to ask a few questions  of Lord Davos?As you wish, cousin."
1700,Davos,Wyman,"How many northern lords have declared for Stannis?Tell us that.Arnolf Karstark has vowed to join His Grace.Arnolf is no true lord, only a castellan.What castles does Lord Stannis hold at present, pray?His Grace has taken the Nightfort for his seat.In the south, he holds Storms End and  Dragonstone."
1701,Davos,Wyman,Only for the nonce.
1702,Davos,Stannis,"And the Nightfort is a haunted ruin, a drear and dreadful place."
1703,Davos,Stannis,"How many men can Stannis put into the field, can you tell us that?"
1704,Davos,Stannis,"How many bowmen, how many freeriders, how many men-at-arms?"
1705,Davos,Stannis,"Your silence is all the answer I require, ser.Your king brings us only enemies."
1706,Davos,Stannis,Your lordship asked the onion knight what Stannis offers us.
1707,Davos,Stannis,He would have you mount a horse of air and give battle with a sword of  wind.
1708,Davos,Stannis,"My cousin  cuts to the bone, as ever."
1709,Davos,Tommen,I grow weary of your face.
1710,Davos,Tommen,"Death,"
1711,Stannis,Tommen,"Vengeance!Yes,"
1712,Stannis,Wyman,"They  killed Lord Eddard and Lady Catelyn and King Robb,He was our king!"
1713,Leo,Wyman,"If Lord Stannis will avenge him, we should join Lord Stannis."
1714,Leo,Wyman,"Wylla, every time you open your mouth you make me want to send  you to the silent sisters.I only said...We heard what you said,A childs foolishness."
1715,Leo,Wyman,"One of them will be your lord and husband soon.No,I wont."
1716,Leo,Wyman,They killed the king.
1717,Leo,Wyman,"You will.When the appointed day arrives, you will speak your wedding  vows, else you will join the silent sisters and never speak again."
1718,Leo,Wyman,"Grandfather, please Hush, child,You  heard your lord grandfather."
1719,Leo,Wyman,"You know nothing.I know about the promise,Maester Theomore, tell them!"
1720,Leo,Wyman,Stark men!
1721,Walder,Wyman,"Solemn oaths were sworn to the Starks of  Winterfell, aye.But Winterfell has fallen and House Stark has been extinguished.Thats because they killed them all!"
1722,Walder,Wyman,"Lord Wyman, if I may?"
1723,Walder,Wyman,Rhaegar.We are always pleased to hear your noble  counsel.
1724,Walder,Wyl,"Lady Wylla,"
1725,Arya,Wyl,"Lord Eddards sons are dead, but his daughters live, and the younger  girl is coming north to wed brave Ramsay Bolton.Ramsay Snow,Have it as you will."
1726,Arya,Wyl,"If you would keep faith with your promise, give him your allegiance, for he shall be  your Lord of Winterfell.He wont ever be my lord!He made Lady Hornwood marry him, then shut her in a dungeon and  made her eat her fingers."
1727,Arya,Wyl,"The maid tells it true,Roose Boltons cold  and cunning, aye, but a man can deal with Roose."
1728,Arya,Wyl,"But this bastard son of his   they say hes mad and cruel, a monster.They say?"
1729,Arya,Robb,"His enemies say, aye  but  it was the Young Wolf who was the monster."
1730,Arya,Robb,"And he was faithless, as my lord grandfather learned to his sorrow."
1731,Arya,Robb,I  do not fault White Harbor for supporting him.
1732,Davos,Wyman,He was a vile dog and died like one.
1733,Tommen,Wyman,"A dog, aye."
1734,Tommen,Wyman,Say on.
1735,Tommen,Wyman,"Grief and death, aye  and this onion lord will bring you more with his  talk of vengeance."
1736,Wyl,Wyman,"As Roberts  trueborn son, the heir of stag and lion, the Iron Throne is his by rights.Wise words, and true,They werent."
1737,Leo,Wyl,"Be quiet, wretched child,Young girls should be an ornament to the eye,  not an ache in the ear."
1738,Davos,Wyman,"Wylla has always been a willful child,I fear that she will  make a willful wife."
1739,Davos,Wyman,"Marriage will soften her, I have no doubt.A firm hand and a quiet word.If not, there are the silent sisters."
1740,Davos,Wyman,"As for you, Onion Knight, I  have heard sufficient treason for one day."
1741,Davos,Stannis,Not for any man.
1742,Davos,Stannis,"You are  still a smuggler, ser, come to steal my gold and blood."
1743,Davos,Stannis,Seize this man!
1744,Davos,Stannis,"My lord,I am an envoy.Are you?"
1745,Damon,Davos,"But the Mother is merciful, and so am I."
1746,Damon,Davos,"Cousin, take this creature to the Wolfs Den and cut off his head and hands."
1747,Damon,Reek,"I shall not be able to eat a bite until I see this smugglers head  upon a spike, with an onion shoved between his lying teeth."
1748,Damon,Reek,"Come back with that castle,or keep going and see how far you get before we catch you."
1749,Chett,Reek,"No,no, that was some other man, that was before you knew your name."
1750,Ramsay,Reek,"You will pretend to be a prince,"
1751,Ramsay,Reek,"Remember who you are.Reek,Your Reek.Do this little thing for me, and you can be my dog and eat meat ever y day,You will be tempted to betray me."
1752,Ramsay,Reek,"Betray me if you want, it makes no matter  but count your fingers first and  know the cost."
1753,Ramsay,Reek,No closer!
1754,Ramsay,Reek,What do you want?Words.
1755,Ramsay,Reek,I come unarmed.
1756,Ramsay,Reek,Quickly.
1757,Ramsay,Reek,"Inside,hurry, fool, hurry!"
1758,Balon,Reek,Who are you?
1759,Balon,Reek,"Quick now, or Ill  do you the same as him."
1760,Balon,Reek,"I am ironborn,"
1761,Balon,Reek,Look at my face.
1762,Balon,Reek,Your prince.
1763,Ramsay,Reek,Lord Balons sons were killed.My brothers.
1764,Ramsay,Reek,Do you command here?Me?
1765,Ramsay,Reek,"Not me, mlord."
1766,Ramsay,Reek,Ralf Kenning has the command.
1767,Ramsay,Reek,"Im on the door, is all.And who is this?"
1768,Ramsay,Reek,Him  he drank the water.
1769,Ramsay,Reek,Thats why we  got the ale.
1770,Ramsay,Reek,We used to drag the dead down into  the cellars.
1771,Ramsay,Reek,"No one wants to take the trouble now, so we just  leave them where they fall.The cellar is a better place for them."
1772,Ramsay,Reek,To the Drowned God.
1773,Ramsay,Reek,"No gods down there, mlord."
1774,Ramsay,Reek,Sometimes they slither up the steps and bite you in your sleep.
1775,Ramsay,Reek,"How many of the garrison are left?Some,I dont know."
1776,Ramsay,Reek,"He killed them both, if you can believe  that."
1777,Ramsay,Reek,I need to speak with your commander.Kenning?
1778,Chett,Reek,He dont have much to say these days.
1779,Chett,Reek,"  Take me to him.Who will keep the door, then?Him."
1780,Chett,Reek,Aye.
1781,Chett,Reek,"Come with me, then."
1782,Chett,Reek,This way.
1783,Chett,Reek,What happened to him?
1784,Chett,Reek,He was on the parapets and some bog devil loosed an arrow at him.
1785,Chett,Reek,"We poured boiling wine into the  wound, but it made no difference."
1786,Chett,Reek,"Kill him,His wits are gone.Hes full of  blood and worms."
1787,Chett,Reek,The captain put him in command.Youd put a dying horse down.What horse?I never had no horse.
1788,Chett,Reek,I will kill him for you.
1789,Ramsay,Reek,"Who  was second-in-command?Where are the rest of the men?Up on the battlements, or in the hall."
1790,Ramsay,Reek,Ill take you if you like.Do it now.
1791,Chett,Reek,"Ralf Kenning is dead,Who  commands here?"
1792,Balon,Reek,Who asks?Lord Balons son.
1793,Balon,Reek,"I am here at the command of  Ramsay Bolton, Lord of the Hornwood and heir to the Dreadfort, who captured me at Winterfell.His  host is north of you, his fathers to the south, but Lord Ramsay is prepared to be merciful if you yield   Moat Cailin to him before the sun goes down."
1794,Tormund,Ygritte,
1795,Balon,Robert,"Its cheese we need, and meat.Steel, you mean,Swords."
1796,Balon,Robert,"Aye, and bows, a hundred more bows, and men to loose the arrows.Ironborn do not surrender,Tell that to my father."
1797,Balon,Robert,As you will if you do not yield.
1798,Ramsay,Robert,Break the seal.
1799,Ramsay,Robert,Elsewise you die.Is that a threat?
1800,Ramsay,Reek,Dagon Codd yields to no man.
1801,Ramsay,Reek,Is that your answer?
1802,Ramsay,Reek,Does this codfish speak for  all of you?
1803,Ramsay,Reek,"Victarion commanded us to hold,  he did."
1804,Ramsay,Reek,"Hold here till I return, he told Kenning.Aye,Thats what he said.The kingsmoot called, but he swore that  hed be back, with a driftwood crown upon his head and a thousand men behind him.My uncle is never coming back,The kingswood crowned his brother Euron,  and the Crows Eye has other wars to fight."
1805,Ramsay,Reek,He scraped you off the same way he scrapes mud off his boots when he wades  ashore.
1806,Ramsay,Reek,"If we yield, we walk away?"
1807,Ramsay,Reek,Is that what it says on this here  writing?
1808,Ramsay,Reek,"Read it for yourself,Lord Ramsay treats his captives honorably so long as they keep faith with him."
1809,Ramsay,Reek,"Yield up your swords to him, and you will live.Liar."
1810,Ramsay,Reek,Youre the one they call Turncloak.Why should we  believe your promises?
1811,Ramsay,Reek,Believe what you want.
1812,Ramsay,Reek,"Those who live will be given to the bog devils.Enough,You think you can frighten ironborn with words?"
1813,Chett,Ramsay,"Run  back to your master before I open your belly, pull your entrails out, and make you eat them."
1814,Ramsay,Reek,Who else wants to die?
1815,Ramsay,Reek,"Speak up, Ill see you do."
1816,Ramsay,Reek,"Me, I mean to live, and that dont mean staying here to rot."
1817,Ramsay,Reek,"Leave your weapons here,Swords,  bows, daggers.Armed men will be slain on sight."
1818,Ramsay,Reek,"Three of the four  had big bellies when we sailed,"
1819,Ramsay,Reek,"Might be Ill even name one after you, mlord."
1820,Reek,Rickard,Is this all of them?
1821,Reek,Rickard,"All who werent dead, my lord.I thought there would be more.We came at them three times, and three times they threw us  back."
1822,Ramsay,Reek,"My lord, Moat Cailin is yours.Here are its  last defenders.So few."
1823,Damon,Ramsay,They were such stubborn foes.
1824,Alyn,Damon,You must be starved.
1825,Alyn,Damon,"Skinner, show their wounded to our maesters.Aye, my lord."
1826,Chett,Jacelyn,
1827,Ramsay,Reek,"The gods are laughing.All they want is to go home, my lord.And what do you want, my sweet Reek?"
1828,Ramsay,Reek,Such valiant service deserves a reward.
1829,Ramsay,Reek,Or would you sooner stay my leal serving man?
1830,Ramsay,Reek,"My lord,"
1831,Chett,Jacelyn,  Lord Ramsay laughed.
1832,Reek,Walder,"Ben, do you have a collar for him?Ill have one made, mlord,"
1833,Ramsay,Roose,"What is this, some mockery?Just caution,"
1834,Ramsay,Roose,Father.
1835,Ramsay,Roose,You may rise.
1836,Ramsay,Roose,"My new wife,Lady Walda, this is my natural son.Kiss your stepmothers  hand, Ramsay."
1837,Ramsay,Roose,And I am sure you will recall the Lady Arya.Your betrothed.
1838,Arya,Jeyne,Lord Ramsay.
1839,Arya,Jeyne,"I pray that I will make you a good wife and give you strong sons to follow  after you.That you will,and soon."
1840,Bowen,Jon,Lord Commander.  
1841,Bowen,Jon,"Please tell me you were not about to say folly, my lord."
1842,Bowen,Jon,"Greyguard and  Icemark as well, I have no doubt, and we have fourteen other castles still sitting empty, long leagues of  Wall that remain unwatched and undefended."
1843,Bowen,Jon,Lord Commander Mormont...
1844,Bowen,Jon,Neither you nor I can know what he would or would not have done in my place.
1845,Bowen,Jon,Enough talk.Away.
1846,Chett,Jacelyn,
1847,Aemon,Jon,Never knew a turnip to do a man any harm.
1848,Chett,Jacelyn,
1849,Bowen,Jon,The big  drunkard on the hill.
1850,Jon,Melisandre,"Looks a bit like you, Edd,Aye, mlord.I dont have leaves growing out my nose, but else-wise  Lady Melisandre wont  be happy.Shes not like to see it.See that no one tells her.She sees things in those fires, though.Smoke and cinders.And people burning."
1851,Jon,Melisandre,"I always feared Id burn, but I was  hoping to die first."
1852,Chett,Jon,"Twice as much trouble,"
1853,Jon,Mance,"Corn, corn, corn.Corn for the free folk,None for you."
1854,Jon,Mance,"Now, a dog can herd a flock of sheep,"
1855,Jon,Mance,The other will not move at all unless you kick them.
1856,Harma,Jon,"Free folk and kneelers are more alike  than not, Jon Snow."
1857,Harma,Jon,"Good men and bad, heroes and villains, men of honor, liars, cravens, brutes  we have plenty, as do  you."
1858,Hairy,Jon,"You can have an onion or an apple,but not both."
1859,Hairy,Jon,I need two of each.
1860,Hairy,Jon,"Hes sick, but an apple will set him right."
1861,Hairy,Jon,He has to come get his own apple.
1862,Hairy,Jon,"Be quick about it, now, theres more behind you.An apple,Move along, woman,Its cold out here."
1863,Hairy,Jon,"Another apple,For my son."
1864,Hairy,Jon,This one is so little.
1865,Hairy,Jon,"Out of the way,"
1866,Jon,Rory,"Its not enough,You bloody crows are starving us to death."
1867,Jon,Rory,Rory.Quiet them.
1868,Jon,Rory,"Snow, snow, snow."
1869,Jon,Rory,"Were feeding you as best we can, as much as we can spare.Apples, onions, neeps,  carrots  theres a long winter ahead for all of us, and our stores are not inexhaustible.You crows eat good enough."
1870,Jon,Rory,We hold the Wall.
1871,Jon,Sigorn,"Its us that  keeps you safe, the black crows you despise.Safe and starved,You want more food?"
1872,Jon,Sigorn,"The foods for fighters.Help us hold the Wall, and youll eat  as well as any crow."
1873,Mag,Sigorn,"Eat,Corn, corn.Fight for you?"
1874,Mag,Sigorn,Not fight for you.
1875,Mag,Sigorn,Kill all you.
1876,Mag,Sigorn,"Kill, kill."
1877,Jon,Sigorn,"Your father tried to kill us all,The Magnar was a brave man, yet he  failed.And if he had succeeded  who would hold the Wall?"
1878,Jon,Sigorn,"Winterfells walls were strong as well, but Winterfell stands in ruins today, burned and broken.A wall is  only as good as the men defending it.You kill us, you starve us, now you want  t make us slaves."
1879,Jon,Sigorn,Id sooner go naked than wear one o them black rags  on my back.
1880,Hairy,Jon,"Even your wife dont want to see you naked, Butts."
1881,Hairy,Jon,"Hal,  what was it that you told this woman?"
1882,Hairy,Jon,"About the food, you mean?"
1883,Hairy,Jon,"They  got to pick.You have to pick,All of you."
1884,Arya,Jon,I will take any boy above the age of twelve who knows how to hold a spear or string a bow.
1885,Arya,Jon,"I have no need of blushing  maidens looking to be protected, but I will take as many spearwives as will come.And girls?"
1886,Arya,Jon,Sixteen and older.Youre taking boys as young as twelve.
1887,Arya,Jon,As you will.
1888,Chett,Jon,"Theyve seen me do it.Off,Off, off, off.The choice is yours,Those who want to help us hold the Wall, return to  Castle Black with me and Ill see you armed and fed.The rest of you, get your turnips and your onions  and crawl back inside your holes."
1889,Jon,Ygritte,I can fight.My mother was a spearwife.
1890,Jon,Ygritte,"I seen them too, the dead ones.Even crows are bettern that."
1891,Mance,Ygritte,"I dont like you, crow,"
1892,Mance,Ygritte,Why not fight for you?
1893,Harma,Mance,"Free folk dont follow  names, or little cloth animals sewn on a tunic,They wont  dance for coins, they dont care how you style yourself or what that chain of office means or who your  grandsire was."
1894,Harma,Mance,They follow the man.
1895,Bowen,Jon,What will you do with them?
1896,Bowen,Jon,"Train them, arm then, and split them up."
1897,Bowen,Jon,I mean to open three more forts as well.
1898,Bowen,Jon,Women too?
1899,Bowen,Jon,"    said Jon, "
1900,Bowen,Jon,"Correct me if Im wrong, but my reckoning leaves us sixty-two ahead."
1901,Bowen,Jon,"Youve added sixty-three more mouths, my lord  but how many are  fighters, and whose side will they fight on?If its the Others at the gates, most like theyll stand with us, I  grant you  but if its Tormund Giantsbane or the Weeping Man come calling with ten thousand howling  killers, what then?Then well know.So let us hope it never comes to that."
1902,Haldon,Tyrion,"Our dead dwarf has returned to us,"
1903,Haldon,Tyrion,I  am not dead.That remains to be seen.
1904,Haldon,Tyrion,"Duck, be a fine fowl and boil some  broth for our little friend here.He must be famished."
1905,Lem,Lemore,Why do I stink of vinegar?Lemore has been washing you with it.
1906,Lem,Lemore,"Yandry said we ought to throw  you back, but the lad forbade it."
1907,Haldon,Tyrion,Griff brought me  up?
1908,Haldon,Tyrion,How long have I been sleeping?What place is  this?Selhorys.
1909,Haldon,Tyrion,"Here,"
1910,Haldon,Tyrion,Whats this?Take off your boots.Prick each of your toes and fingers.That sounds  painful.I hope so.Do it.
1911,Haldon,Tyrion,"Harder,Do you want me to draw blood?If need be.Ill have a scab on every toe.The purpose of the exercise is not to count your toes."
1912,Haldon,Tyrion,It is only when you cannot feel the blade that you will have cause to fear.
1913,Haldon,Tyrion,"That hurt.Are you happy?Dancing with joy.Your feet smell worse than mine, Yollo."
1914,Haldon,Tyrion,"Griff warned you not to lay  hands upon the stone men.Aye, but he forgot to warn the stone men not to lay their hands upon me.As you prick, look for patches of dead grey skin, for nails beginning to turn black,If you see such signs, do not hesitate."
1915,Haldon,Tyrion,Then your fingers.
1916,Haldon,Tyrion,Shall I prick my  prick as well?It would not hurt.It would not hurt you is what you mean.Though I had as well slice it off for all the use I make of  it.Feel free.
1917,Haldon,Tyrion,A dwarfs cock has magical  powers.I have been telling all the women that for years.
1918,Haldon,Tyrion,How long must I continue to torture myself?When will we be certain that Im clean?Truly?
1919,Haldon,Tyrion,Never.
1920,Chett,Tyrion,"When youre done, come have some broth."
1921,Lemore,Tyrion,"The Mother is merciful.We have prayed for you, Hugor."
1922,Lemore,Tyrion,I wont hold that against you.
1923,Lemore,Ysilla,"We only want to  keep you safe,These are unsettled times."
1924,Haldon,Lemore,"On the way down from the Sorrows to Selhorys, we thrice  glimpsed riders moving south along the rivers eastern shore."
1925,Haldon,Tyrion,"The  triarchs fear an attack upon Selhorys, plainly."
1926,Lem,Lemore,"I know how to use a sword,Even the bravest of your forebears kept his Kingsguard close about him in times of peril."
1927,Lemore,Tyrion,"What are we to make of this sudden loss of  faith?I preferred you in your septas robes, Lemore.I preferred her naked,"
1928,Lem,Lemore,That is because you have a wicked soul.Septas robes  scream of Westeros and might draw unwelcome eyes onto us.
1929,Aegon,Lemore,You  are not the only one who must needs hide.
1930,Aegon,Tyrion,"Prince Aegon,since were both stuck aboard  this boat, perhaps you will honor me with a game of cyvasse to while away the hours?"
1931,Aegon,Tyrion,"I am sick of cyvasse.Sick of losing to a dwarf, you mean?"
1932,Aegon,Tyrion,Go fetch the board and pieces.This time I mean to smash you.
1933,Haldon,Tyrion,I would not do that if I were  you.It is a mistake to bring your dragon out too soon.
1934,Haldon,Tyrion,"Your father knew the  dangers of being over-bold.Did you know my true father?Well, I saw him twice or thrice, but I was only ten when Robert killed him, and mine own sire  had me hidden underneath a rock."
1935,Haldon,Tyrion,"Lord Connington was the princes dearest friend, was he not?"
1936,Haldon,Tyrion,"They were squires together at Kings  Landing.A true friend, our Lord Connington."
1937,Tyrion,Varys,"Elsewise Prince  Rhaegars friend might have been on hand when my father sacked Kings Landing, to save Prince  Rhaegars precious little son from getting his royal brains dashed out against a wall."
1938,Tyrion,Varys,That was not me.
1939,Tyrion,Varys,Varys gave the Pisswater boy to my lady mother and carried me  away.Aye.
1940,Tyrion,Varys,"And when the pisswater prince was safely dead, the  eunuch smuggled you across the narrow sea to his fat friend the cheesemonger, who hid you on a  poleboat and found an exile lord willing to call himself your father.It does make for a splendid story, and  the singers will make much of your escape once you take the Iron Throne  assuming that our fair  Daenerys takes you for her consort.She will.She must.Must?"
1941,Daenerys,Tyrion,That is not a word queens like to hear.
1942,Aegon,Daenerys,She may not prove as willing as you wish.Shell be willing.
1943,Aegon,Daenerys,You dont know her.
1944,Aegon,Daenerys,"I know that she spent her childhood in exile, impoverished, living on  dreams and schemes, running from one city to the next, always fearful, never safe, friendless but for a  brother who was by all accounts half-mad  a brother who sold her maidenhood to the Dothraki for the  promise of an army."
1945,Aegon,Joffrey,"Ive been hiding on a  poleboat all my life, but now Ive washed the blue dye from my hair and Id like a dragon, please  and  oh, did I mention, my claim to the Iron Throne is stronger than your own? "
1946,Aegon,Joffrey,"I will not come to my aunt a beggar.I will come to her a  kinsman, with an army.A small army."
1947,Joffrey,Tyrion,"Queen Daenerys has a large one, and no thanks to you."
1948,Conn,Tyrion,Say what you want.
1949,Conn,Tyrion,I trust him as much as if  he were my own blood.Perhaps you should be the fool instead of me.
1950,Lem,Lemore,"All that mistrust will sour your stomach and keep you awake by night, tis  true, but better that than the long sleep that does not end."
1951,Lem,Lemore,But what do I know?
1952,Lem,Lemore,"Still, Id do things differently."
1953,Lem,Lemore,How differently?If I were you?
1954,Cersei,Stannis,"The  gods shaped him to be a follower, not a leader."
1955,Cersei,Stannis,"Mace Tyrell would  grasp the sceptre gladly, but mine own kin are not like to step aside and give it to him."
1956,Cersei,Maegor,"Westeros is torn and bleeding, and I do not doubt that even now my sweet sister is binding up  the wounds  with salt."
1957,Aegon,Tyrion,"Be certain you reach Westeros before my sister falls and someone more competent takes her  place.But,without Daenerys and her dragons, how could we hope to win?You do not need to win,All you need to do is raise your banners, rally your  supporters, and hold, until Daenerys arrives to join her strength to yours.You said she might not have me.Perhaps I overstated.She may take pity on you when you come begging for her hand."
1958,Aegon,Tyrion,Do you want to wager your throne upon a womans whim?
1959,Aegon,Tyrion,"I told you, I know our little queen."
1960,Brea,Tyrion,"How can she help but love  you then, I ask you?"
1961,Brea,Tyrion,I hope Your Grace will  pardon me.
1962,Brea,Tyrion,Death in four.
1963,Tyrion,Yandry,My dragon......is too far away to save you.  
1964,Tyrion,Yandry,And keep your dragon close.
1965,Tyrion,Yandry,"Pick those up,"
1966,Tyrion,Yandry,If it please Your Grace.
1967,Tyrion,Ysilla,"Let me help you with that fish,No,Stay away.Touch no food besides the food you eat yourself."
1968,Yandry,Ysilla,As you command.
1969,Haldon,Yandry,Wheres Griff?
1970,Haldon,Yandry,Asleep.Then rouse him.
1971,Haldon,Yandry,"If the talk in the markets can be believed, Old  Volantis will soon join the war against her."
1972,Haldon,Yandry,The gossip of fishmongers is not to be relied on.
1973,Haldon,Yandry,You know how he is.
1974,Haldon,Qavo,We need to know the truth of these rumors.
1975,Haldon,Qavo,You  know his other places.Aye.
1976,Haldon,Tyrion,And you know how Qavo is  about his cyvasse.As you wish.
1977,Haldon,Tyrion,"If for any reason youre delayed, make your way  to the Golden Company."
1978,Illyrio,Tyrion,To loosen tongues.
1979,Haldon,Tyrion,Was there some reason for that?
1980,Haldon,Tyrion,"He says that it is good luck to rub the head of a dwarf,"
1981,Haldon,Tyrion,Tell him that it is even better luck to suck on a  dwarfs cock.Best not.Tigers have been known to have sharp teeth.
1982,Chett,Tyrion,Who might that be?
1983,Chett,Tyrion,Triarch Horonno.
1984,Haldon,Tyrion,"Tied between two elephants and torn in  half.His statue seems to lack a head.He was a tiger.When the elephants came to power, their followers went on a rampage,  knocking the heads from the statues of those they blamed for all the wars and deaths."
1985,Haldon,Tyrion,That was another age.
1986,Haldon,Tyrion,I swear I heard the  name Daenerys.
1987,Haldon,Tyrion,Do you  understand what he is saying?
1988,Haldon,Tyrion,I would if I did not have a dwarf piping in my ear.I do not pipe.
1989,Haldon,Tyrion,"The priest is calling on the Volantenes to go to war,"
1990,Haldon,Tyrion,  
1991,Haldon,Tyrion,He said dragons.Aye.The dragons have come to carry her to glory.Her.Daenerys?
1992,Haldon,Tyrion,Benerro has sent forth the word from Volantis.
1993,Haldon,Tyrion,  
1994,Haldon,Tyrion,Who is Benerro?
1995,Haldon,Tyrion,"High Priest of the red temple in Volantis.Flame of Truth, Light of  Wisdom, First Servant of the Lord of Light, Slave of Rhllor."
1996,Haldon,Robert,"Give me priests who are fat and corrupt and cynical,the sort who  like to sit on soft satin cushions, nibble sweetmeats, and diddle little boys."
1997,Chett,Haldon,There.Those two.
1998,Haldon,Tyrion,My dwarf  plays better cyvasse than both of you combined.
1999,Haldon,Tyrion,Is  he for sale?
2000,Haldon,Tyrion,The triarchs grotesquerie is in need of a  cyvasse-playing dwarf.Yollo is no slave.What a pity.
2001,Haldon,Tyrion,"A blunder,"
2002,Haldon,Tyrion,"Just so,"
2003,Haldon,Tyrion,"Death, my friend."
2004,Haldon,Tyrion,Come now.The dwarf does not stink as bad as that.
2005,Haldon,Tyrion,"Up with you, little man.Put your silver on the table, and we will see how well you play  the game."
2006,Haldon,Tyrion,I play better with a full belly  and a cup of wine to hand.
2007,Chett,Jacelyn,The noble Qavo Nogarys is the customs officer here in Selhorys.
2008,Qavo,Tyrion,Perhaps I will be more fortunate.
2009,Chett,Jacelyn,What news  from downriver?
2010,Haldon,Qavo,The Yunkaii would have it so.
2011,Qavo,Tyrion,I am told his feasts are memorable and his bribes lavish.The Yunkishmen have bought your triarchs?Only Nyessos.
2012,Qavo,Tyrion,"Malaquo may be old and toothless, but he is a tiger still, and Doniphos will not be returned as triarch.The city thirsts for war.Why?"
2013,Qavo,Tyrion,Meereen is long leagues across the sea.How has this sweet child  queen offended Old Volantis?Sweet?
2014,Qavo,Tyrion,"If even half the stories coming back from Slavers Bay are true, this  child is a monster."
2015,Haldon,Tyrion,She gives her body to men to  take their souls in thrall.
2016,Haldon,Tyrion,"They say,By they, you mean the slavers, the exiles she drove from Astapor and  Meereen.Mere calumnies.The best calumnies are spiced with truth,"
2017,Qavo,Tyrion,This dragon queen would rob him of that  consolation.
2018,Qavo,Tyrion,"The red priest outside seemed to think Volantis should fight for  this silver queen, not against her.The red priests would be wise to hold their tongues,Already there has  been fighting between their followers and those who worship other gods.Benerros rantings will only  serve to bring a savage wrath down upon his head.What rantings?"
2019,Qavo,Tyrion,"In Volantis, thousands of slaves and freedmen crowd the temple  plaza every night to hear Benerro shriek of bleeding stars and a sword of fire that will cleanse the world.He has been preaching that Volantis will surely burn if the triarchs take up arms against the silver  queen.Thats a prophecy even I could make.Ah, supper."
2020,Qavo,Yellow,"Very good,The most powerful piece in the game,And Daenerys Targaryen has three, its said.Three,"
2021,Haldon,Qavo,"Even the Dothraki.You have Dothraki outside your own gates,Khal Pono."
2022,Haldon,Qavo,"The horselords come, we give them gifts, the horselords go."
2023,Haldon,Qavo,"The time has come for  bitter tears,Another game?No need,My dwarf has had his lesson in humility.I think it is best we get back to  our boat."
2024,Tyrion,Tysha,"The night is still young,Qavo may not have told us  everything.And whores hear much and more from the men they service.Do you need a woman so badly, Yollo?A man grows weary of having no lovers but his fingers."
2025,Tyrion,Tysha,I almost drowned.
2026,Tyrion,Tysha,"Besides, I need to make sure my prick hasnt turned to stone."
2027,Tyrion,Tysha,"I will wait for you in the tavern by the gate.Do not be too long about  your business.Oh, have no fear on that count.Most women prefer to be done with me as quickly as they  can."
2028,Tyrion,Tysha,Do you have a girl who speaks the tongue of Westeros?
2029,Tyrion,Tysha,Sunset girl
2030,Tyrion,Tysha,"Shell  do,and Ill have a flagon too."
2031,Chett,Tysha,"Do I offend you, sweet-ling?I am an offensive creature, as my  father would be glad to tell you if he were not dead and rotting."
2032,Chett,Tyrion,Will you give me  your name?
2033,Chett,Tyrion,No?
2034,Chett,Tyrion,I suppose I shall settle for your cunt.
2035,Chett,Tyrion,Have you ever bedded a monster before?
2036,Chett,Tyrion,Or not.
2037,Chett,Tyrion,Do you know a woman by the name of Tysha?
2038,Joffrey,Tyrion,Do you know where whores go?
2039,Joffrey,Tyrion,"Cut off my  head and take it to Kings Landing,My sister will make a lady of you, and no one will   ever whip you again."
2040,Chett,Tyrion,I am more agile when Im drunk.
2041,Chett,Tyrion,I fear I ruined your carpet.
2042,Chett,Tyrion,Let me pay.
2043,Chett,Tyrion,"Imp,"
2044,Chett,Tyrion,"How pleasant to hear  the Common Tongue so far from home,"
2045,Chett,Tyrion,"May I buy you a cup of wine, my friend?Ive drunk enough."
2046,Galazza,Tyrion,"Youre mine,  Hugor."
2047,Galazza,Tyrion,"And what do you mean to do with me?Deliver you,to the queen."
2048,Daenerys,Qezza,"They are very sweet, the both of them,Qezza sings for me sometimes."
2049,Daenerys,Qezza,"And Ser Barristan has been instructing Grazhar and the other boys in the ways of  western chivalry.They are of my blood,It is  good to know they have pleased Your Radiance.I hope I may do likewise."
2050,Daenerys,Skahaz,"If you will forgive my saying so, Your Radiance looks  weary.Are  you sleeping?"
2051,Daenerys,Skahaz,Not well.
2052,Galazza,Skahaz,"Three galleys from New Ghis have joined them, and a carrack out of Tolos."
2053,Daenerys,Galazza,Perhaps your  gods can help us.Ask them to send a gale and sweep the galleys from the bay.I shall pray and make sacrifice.Mayhaps the gods of Ghis will hear me.
2054,Daenerys,Galazza,"Storms rage within the walls as well as without.More  freedmen died last night, or so I have been told.Three."
2055,Daenerys,Galazza,"The cowards broke in on some weavers,  freedwomen who had done no harm to anyone."
2056,Daenerys,Galazza,The Sons of the Harpy broke their loom and raped them before  slitting their throats.This we have heard.
2057,Daenerys,Galazza,"You have not harmed any of the noble children you hold as hostage.Not as yet, no."
2058,Daenerys,Grazhar,"If I kill my cupbearers, who will pour my wine  and serve my supper?"
2059,Daenerys,Grazhar,"The Shavepate would feed them to your dragons, it is said."
2060,Daenerys,Grazhar,"For every Brazen Beast cut down, he would have a child die."
2061,Qezza,Skahaz,"The Sons of the Harpy are laughing in their pyramids,What good are hostages if you will not take their heads?"
2062,Daenerys,Galazza,"These murders are not their doing,I am no butcher  queen.And for that Meereen gives thanks,We have heard that the Butcher King  of Astapor is dead.Slain by his own soldiers when he commanded them to march out and attack the Yunkaii."
2063,Daenerys,Galazza,"He was hardly cold before another took his place, calling himself Cleon  the Second."
2064,Cleon,Daenerys,"Their  followers are fighting battles in the streets, while the Yunkaii and their sellswords wait outside the  walls.These are grievous times.Your Radiance, might I presume to offer you my counsel?You know how much I value your wisdom.Then heed me now and marry.Ah."
2065,Cleon,Daenerys,Oftimes I have heard you say that you are only a young  girl.
2066,Cleon,Daenerys,You  need a king beside you to help you bear these burdens.
2067,Cleon,Daenerys,"Tell me, can this king puff his  cheeks up and blow Xaros galleys back to Qarth?"
2068,Daenerys,Galazza,Can he put food in the bellies of my children and bring peace back to my streets?Can you?
2069,Daenerys,Galazza,"A king is not a god, but there is still much that a strong man  might do."
2070,Daenerys,Galazza,"Elsewise, I fear, your reign must end as it began, in blood and fire."
2071,Daenerys,Galazza,"And who would the gods of Ghis have me take as my  king and consort?Hizdahr zo Loraq,"
2072,Daenerys,Galazza,"Why Hizdahr?Skahaz is noble born as well.Skahaz is Kandaq, Hizdahr Loraq."
2073,Daeron,Hizdahr,"The noble Hizdahr is of the blood of Mazdhan  the Magnificent, Hazrak the Handsome, and Zharaq the Liberator.His forebears are as dead as mine."
2074,Daeron,Hizdahr,You offer me ancestors.We are an old people.
2075,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"In him the prophecies shall be  fulfilled, and your enemies will melt away like snow."
2076,Barristan,Hizdahr,What does my prospective husband think of this?
2077,Barristan,Hizdahr,Your Grace need only ask him.
2078,Barristan,Hizdahr,Send down to him if that is  your pleasure.
2079,Barristan,Hizdahr,Why not?
2080,Barristan,Hizdahr,It is  a long climb.Have the Unsullied help him up.
2081,Grazhar,Qezza,"If it  please Your Magnificence, I will take my leave.You and the noble Hizdahr will have many things to  discuss, I do not doubt."
2082,Daenerys,Qezza,I shall return to the  Temple of the Graces and pray for the gods to show my queen the course of wisdom.
2083,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Have you no smile for me?
2084,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Am I as fearful as all that?I always grow solemn in the presence of such beauty.
2085,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Drink with me.
2086,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"You know why you are here.The Green Grace seems to feel that if I take you for my husband, all my woes will vanish.I would never make so bold a claim."
2087,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I can reconcile the city to your rule and put an end to this nightly slaughter in the  streets.Can you?
2088,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Why should the Sons of the Harpy lay down their knives for  you?Are you one of them?No.Would you tell me if you were?
2089,Daenerys,Hizdahr,No.The Shavepate has ways of finding the truth.I do not doubt that Skahaz would soon have me confessing.
2090,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Then he will impale me on a stake and you can watch  me die  but afterward the killings will go on.
2091,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Or you can marry me and let me  try to stop them.Why would you want to help me?For the crown?A crown would suit me well, I will not deny that."
2092,Cleon,Hizdahr,"Meereen cannot endure  another war, Your Radiance."
2093,Cleon,Hizdahr,I have never wanted war.
2094,Cleon,Yellow,  
2095,Cleon,Yellow,"So too Tolos, New Ghis, Lys, Tyrosh, Volantis  the list is long, my  queen.Let them come."
2096,Cleon,Yellow,I would sooner perish fighting  than return my children to bondage.There may be another choice.
2097,Daenerys,Yellow,"No more blood need flow.Save for the blood of those slaves that the Yunkaii will trade and train,"
2098,Daenerys,Yellow,"You have not  said you love me.I will, if it would please Your Radiance.That is not the answer of a man in love.What is love?"
2099,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Marry me.
2100,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Kiss me,"
2101,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Not that way.Kiss me as if I were your wife.
2102,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Shall I  kiss you again?
2103,Daenerys,Hizdahr,No.
2104,Daario,Hizdahr,I do not love you.
2105,Daario,Hizdahr,"That may come, in time.It has been known to happen that way."
2106,Daario,Daenerys,"One day I will  want to return to Westeros, to claim the Seven Kingdoms that were my fathers.One day all men must die, but it serves no good to dwell on death.I prefer to take each day as  it comes."
2107,Daario,Daenerys,"Words are wind, even words like love and peace."
2108,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"They seek for magic swords, for chests of gold, for crowns stolen from a dragons hoard."
2109,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"The only dragons that I know are yours, and magic swords are  even scarcer.I will gladly bring you rings and crowns and chests of gold if that is your desire.Peace is my desire."
2110,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Can you do that?
2111,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Ninety days and ninety nights without a corpse, and on the  ninety-first we wed?Perhaps,Though young girls have been known to be fickle.I may  still want a magic sword."
2112,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Then you shall have that too, Radiance."
2113,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Best tell  your seneschal to begin making preparations for our wedding.Nothing would please the noble Reznak more.
2114,Barristan,Hizdahr,"So,it seems that I may wed  again. she agreed, "
2115,Chett,Daenerys,"A wedding or a war.Your Grace, may I speak frankly?Always.There is a third choice.Westeros?"
2116,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I am sworn to serve Your Grace, and to keep you safe from harm wherever you  may go."
2117,Daenerys,Hizdahr,The Seven Kingdoms will never accept Hizdahr zo Loraq as  king.No more than Meereen will accept Daenerys Targaryen as queen.
2118,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Elsewise they will always see me as  the uncouth barbarian who smashed through their gates, impaled their kin on spikes, and stole their  wealth.In Westeros you will be the lost child who returns to gladden her fathers heart.Your people  will cheer when you ride by, and all good men will love you.Westeros is far away.Lingering here will never bring it any closer.  I do."
2119,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Ninety days is a long time.
2120,Daenerys,Hizdahr,  What will Your Grace do then?Her duty.
2121,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"You saw my brother Rhaegar wed. Tell me, did  he wed for love or duty?"
2122,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Princess Elia was a good woman, Your Grace."
2123,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I know the prince was very fond of her.
2124,Barristan,Daenerys,"I saw your father and your mother wed as well.Forgive me, but there  was no fondness there, and the realm paid dearly for that, my queen.Why did they wed if they did not love each other?Your grandsire commanded it.A woods witch had told him that the prince was promised would  be born of their line.A woods witch?"
2125,Barristan,Daenerys,She came to court with Jenny of Oldstones.
2126,Barristan,Daenerys,"A dwarf, most people said, though dear to Lady Jenny, who always  claimed that she was one of the children of the forest.What became of her?Summerhall."
2127,Barristan,Daenerys,Leave me now.I am very weary.As you command.
2128,Barristan,Daario,Forgive  me.
2129,Barristan,Daario,Shall I tell him to return upon the morrow?Who is it?Naharis.The Stormcrows have returned to the city.
2130,Barristan,Daario,How long has  when did he  ?
2131,Barristan,Daario,Your Grace was with the priestess when he arrived.
2132,Barristan,Daario,The captains news can wait until the morrow.No.
2133,Daario,Irri,Send him up at once.
2134,Irri,Jhiqui,And Missandei.
2135,Daenerys,Missandei,What does Your Grace wish to wear?
2136,Daenerys,Drogo,"Bring the grey linen gown with the pearls on the bodice.Oh, and my  white lions pelt."
2137,Daario,Reznak,"Bright queen,you have grown more beautiful in my absence."
2138,Hizdahr,Xaro,Captain.They tell us you did us good  service in Lhazar.
2139,Hizdahr,Moon,Your captain lives to serve his cruel queen.Cruel?
2140,Daenerys,Moon,"He raced ahead of all his men to see her face the sooner, only  to be left languishing whilst she ate lamb and figs with some dried-up old woman."
2141,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I was supping with the Green Grace.
2142,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I had urgent  need of her wise counsel.I have only one urgent need: Daenerys.Shall I send for food?You must be hungry.I have not eaten in two days, but now that I am here, it is enough for me to feast upon your  beauty.My beauty will not fill up your belly."
2143,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Eat this.If my queen commands it.
2144,Chett,Hizdahr,Tell me of your journey.
2145,Chett,Hizdahr,The Yunkaii sent some hired swords to close the Khyzai Pass.
2146,Chett,Jacelyn,"Elsewise, all went as I had promised.How many men did you lose in the fighting?Nine,but a dozen of the Long Lances decided they would sooner be Stormcrows  than corpses, so we came out three ahead."
2147,Chett,Jacelyn,They might be spying for Yunkai.They are too stupid to be spies.You do not know them.Neither do you.Do you trust them?I trust all my men.Just as far as I can spit.
2148,Chett,Daario,Shall I bring their heads to you?
2149,Daario,Daenerys,"  I only  see that you keep your eye on them, thats all."
2150,Daario,Daenerys,"Will the Lamb Men send us food?Grain will come down the Skahazadhan by barge, my queen, and other goods by caravan over  the Khyzai.Not the Skahazadhan."
2151,Daario,Daenerys,What little trade we still had has been cut off.
2152,Daario,Daenerys,"Qartheen have milk in their veins.Let them see your  dragons, and theyll run."
2153,Daenerys,Drogo,Astapor is under siege as well.This I knew.
2154,Daario,Daenerys,"When the yellow dog ate his, I knew he spoke the truth.I have war inside the city too."
2155,Daario,Daenerys,"My enemies are all around me, within the city and without.Attack,A man surrounded by foes cannot defend himself."
2156,Daario,Daenerys,"When faced with many enemies, choose  the weakest, kill him, ride over him, and escape.Where should I escape to?Into my bed."
2157,Daario,Daenerys,Into my heart.
2158,Daario,Hizdahr,"The Green Grace says that I must take a Ghiscari king,She urges me to wed the noble Hizdahr zo Loraq.That one?"
2159,Daario,Hizdahr,"Why not Grey Worm, if you want a eunuch in your bed?Do you  want a king?"
2160,Daario,Hizdahr,I want peace.
2161,Daario,Hizdahr,"If he does, I will take  him for a husband.Take me for your husband.I will do it in nine."
2162,Daario,Hizdahr,"You are fighting shadows when you should be  fighting the men who cast them,Kill them all and take their treasures, I say.Whisper  the command, and your Daario will make you a pile of their heads taller than this pyramid.If I knew who they were..."
2163,Daario,Daenerys,Who else would it be?
2164,Daario,Daenerys,We have no proof this is their work.Would you have me slaughter  my own subjects?Your own subjects would gladly slaughter you.
2165,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"The pyramids are strong,We could take  them only at great cost.The moment we attack one the others will rise against us.Then winkle them out of their pyramids on some pretext."
2166,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"When they gather  in the Temple of the Graces, turn us loose upon them."
2167,Daario,Daenerys,Do you take me for  the Butcher King?Better the butcher than the meat.
2168,Daario,Viserys,Are queens so different?This queen is.
2169,Daario,Viserys,"Most queens have no purpose but to warm some kings bed and pop out sons  for him.If thats the sort of queen you mean to be, best marry Hizdahr."
2170,Daario,Viserys,Have you forgotten who I am?No.Have you?
2171,Daenerys,Viserys,I am the blood of the dragon.Do not  presume to teach me lessons.
2172,Daario,Daenerys,Leave me.
2173,Daario,Daenerys,I live to obey.
2174,Barristan,Daenerys,I want the Stormcrows back in the  field.Your Grace?  
2175,Daario,Irri,"Give him every honor that  is due him and see that his men are well paid, but on no account admit him to my presence.As you say, Your Grace."
2176,Daario,Drogo,"He would make a monster of me,a butcher queen."
2177,Lem,Lemore,Where in the seven hells is Haldon?
2178,Lem,Lemore,How long should it  take to buy three horses?
2179,Lem,Lemore,"My lord, wouldnt it be safer to leave the boy here aboard the boat?Safer, yes."
2180,Lem,Lemore,"He is a man grown now, and this is the road that he was born to walk."
2181,Lem,Lemore,"We have gone to great lengths to keep Prince Aegon hidden all these years,The time will come for him to wash his hair and declare himself, I know, but that time is not now.Not to a camp of sellswords.If Harry Strickland means him ill, hiding him on the Shy Maid will not protect him."
2182,Aegon,Cersei,These are his own men.His because theyre bought and paid for.
2183,Cersei,Myles,"It has been a dozen years since you last rode with the Golden Company, and your old friend is  dead."
2184,Lem,Lemore,"The plan was to reveal Prince Aegon only when we reached Queen Daenerys,That was when we believed the girl was coming west.Our dragon queen has burned that plan  to ash, and thanks to that fat fool in Pentos, we have grasped the she-dragon by the tail and burned our  fingers to the bone.Illyrio could not have been expected to know that the girl would choose to remain at Slavers  Bay.No more than he knew that the Beggar King would die young, or that Khal Drogo would follow  him into the grave.Very little of what the fat man has anticipated has come to pass."
2185,Lemore,Yandry,"I have danced to the fat mans pipes for years, Lemore."
2186,Lemore,Yandry,"   Yandry called loudly, above the clanging of the mummers bell."
2187,Lem,Lemore,"Bring the boy,See that hes ready.As you say,"
2188,Haldon,Lemore,Were these the best that you could find?
2189,Haldon,Lemore,"They were,and you had best not ask what they cost us."
2190,Aegon,Haldon,"They will do well enough, I suppose,The camp is only three miles south."
2191,Illyrio,Mag,"You look a proper prince,Your father would be proud if he could see you."
2192,Illyrio,Mag,I am sick of this blue dye.We should have washed it  out.Soon enough.
2193,Harry,Myles,Shall we go?Your army awaits your  coming.I like the sound of that.My army.
2194,Harry,Myles,"Are they,  though?"
2195,Harry,Myles,"Yollo warned me to trust no one.There is wisdom in that,"
2196,Aerys,Harry,"Not every man is what he seems, and a prince especially has good cause to be wary   but go too far down that road, and the mistrust can poison you, make you sour and fearful."
2197,Aerys,Haldon,"You would do best to walk a middle  course.Let men earn your trust with leal service  but when they do, be generous and openhearted."
2198,Aerys,Haldon,I will remember.
2199,Blue,Harry,"Have they made you a captain, Flowers?"
2200,Blue,Harry,"I thought the Golden Company had standards.Its worse than that, you bugger,They knighted me as well."
2201,Blue,Harry,"You look awful, even for a mans  been dead a dozen years."
2202,Haldon,Harry,Still have that stick up your arse?
2203,Haldon,Harry,And this would be My squire.
2204,Haldon,Harry,Flowers is a bastard name.Youre from the Reach.Aye.
2205,Haldon,Harry,"Makes  me a sort o brown apple Fossoway, the way I see it."
2206,Haldon,Harry,Come  with me.
2207,Conn,Jon,The bloody Volantenes are rattling  their spears and demanding to know our intentions.
2208,Conn,Varys,"We want no songs about the gallant exile,Those who die heroic deaths are long remembered, thieves and drunks and  cravens soon forgotten."
2209,Jon,Myles,Which one is Myles?
2210,Jon,Myles,There.On the end.
2211,Jon,Myles,Wait.Ill go announce you.
2212,Jon,Myles,"A captain-general should be feared, by friend and foe alike,If men think me cruel, so much the better."
2213,Harry,Myles,Go on in.
2214,Chett,Harry,"You will pardon me if I do not rise,Our march  was wearisome, and my toes are prone to blisters.It is a curse."
2215,Harry,Myles,"Gold for four generations,I can make you an ointment for that,and there are certain mineral salts that will  toughen your skin.That is kind of you."
2216,Harry,Myles,"Watkyn, wine for our friends.Thank you, but no,We will drink water.As you prefer."
2217,Myles,Varys,And this must be your son.
2218,Illyrio,Varys,"No man could have asked for a worthier son,but the  lad is not of my blood, and his name is not Griff."
2219,Chett,Harry,When did you tell them?
2220,Chett,Harry,When we reached the river.
2221,Chett,Harry,So we could swelter in this god-awful heat watching our coins melt away and our  blades go to rust whilst I turn away rich contracts?
2222,Chett,Harry,Who?The Yunkishmen.
2223,Chett,Harry,"He wishes us to be the fourth and offers twice what Myr was paying us, plus  a slave for every man in the company, ten for every officer, and a hundred choice maidens all for me."
2224,Chett,Harry,That would require thousands of slaves.Where do the Yunkishmen expect to find  so many?In Meereen.
2225,Chett,Harry,"Watkyn, a towel."
2226,Chett,Harry,"No, not that towel, the soft one.You refused him,I told him I would think on his proposal."
2227,Chett,Harry,Gentle with the toes.
2228,Chett,Harry,"Yes, like that."
2229,Chett,Harry,A blunt  refusal would have been unwise.The men might rightly ask if I had taken leave of my wits.You will have work for your blades soon enough.Will we?
2230,Chett,Harry,I assume you know that the Targaryen girl has not started for  the west?We heard that tale in Selhorys.No tale.
2231,Bloodbeard,Harry,Sloth?The why of it does not matter.
2232,Bloodbeard,Harry,"She is in Meereen and we are here, where the Volantenes grow daily more unhappy with our presence."
2233,Bloodbeard,Tattered,"Bedslaves with sticks?Unsullied,And dragons.Dragons, aye,but young ones, hardly more than hatchlings."
2234,Bloodbeard,Tattered,How much will they avail her when all these  armies close about her city like a fist?
2235,Bloodbeard,Tattered,"All the more reason that we must reach her  quickly, I say.If Daenerys will not come to us, we must go to Daenerys.Can we walk across the waves, ser?"
2236,Conn,Tattered,"I tell you again, we cannot reach the  silver queen by sea."
2237,Conn,Harry,"We would need a pirate fleet  and even if we found one, the  word has come back from Slavers Bay that Meereen has been closed off by blockade.We could feign acceptance of the Yunkish offer,Allow the Yunkaii to  transport us to the east, then return their gold beneath the walls of Meereen.One broken contract is stain enough upon the honor of the company."
2238,Conn,Harry,"Let me remind you, it was Myles Toyne who put his  seal to this secret pact, not me."
2239,Aegon,Harry,"If not, shell die long before we could hope to  reach her."
2240,Aegon,Harry,"There is the land route,The demon road is death."
2241,Aegon,Harry,"It grieves me to say it, but Magister Illyrio and his friends may have been unwise to put so much  hope on this child queen."
2242,Aegon,Daenerys,"Then put your hopes on me,Daenerys is Prince Rhaegars sister, but I am Rhaegars  son.I am the only dragon that you need."
2243,Aegon,Daenerys,"Spoken boldly,but think  what you are saying.I have,Why should I go running to my aunt as if I were a beggar?"
2244,Aegon,Daenerys,Let her come to me  in Westeros.
2245,Aegon,Daenerys,I like it.
2246,Aegon,Daenerys,"The boy has stones, give him that."
2247,Aegon,Daenerys,"Has the sun curdled your  brains, Flowers?"
2248,Cersei,Daenerys,There are no ships to be had.
2249,Cersei,Daenerys,No ships for Slavers Bay.
2250,Cersei,Daenerys,"No city wants an army on its doorstep.Hes not wrong,By now the lion surely has the dragons scent,"
2251,Cersei,Daenerys,"Once we land and raise our banners, many and more will flock to join us.Some,"
2252,Daenerys,Viserys,"Her Unsullied.The first Aegon took Westeros without eunuchs,Why shouldnt the sixth  Aegon do the same?The plan...Which plan?"
2253,Daenerys,Viserys,The fat mans plan?
2254,Robert,Tywin,I have had enough of Illyrios plans.
2255,Robert,Tywin,"And if I am wrong and the realm does not rise for us, we can always  retreat back across the narrow sea, as Bittersteel once did, and others after him."
2256,Robert,Tywin,The risk...
2257,Robert,Tywin,"Another boy king sits the Iron Throne, this one even younger than the last, and rebels  are thick upon the ground as autumn leaves.Even so,alone, we cannot hope to...We will not be alone."
2258,Aegon,Tywin,"Prince Aegon is Elias son as well as Rhaegars.Thats so,and who is there left in Westeros to oppose us? insisted the captain-general."
2259,Aegon,Tywin,"Even after a century, some of us still have  friends in the Reach.The power of Highgarden may not be what Mace Tyrell imagines.Prince Aegon,we are your men. Aegon replied eagerly."
2260,Aegon,Chett,That will bring others to our  cause.
2261,Aegon,Harry,"I would sooner  die in Westeros than on the demon road,Me, Id  sooner live, win lands and some great castle,So  long as I can kill some Fossoways, Im for it."
2262,Illyrio,Yandry,"But remember, so far as the company is concerned, he must remain Young Griff until we cross  the narrow sea.In Westeros well wash his hair and let him don his armor.Aye, understood."
2263,Illyrio,Yandry,With me.
2264,Illyrio,Yandry,Good men to know.
2265,Illyrio,Yandry,Ride back to the Shy Maid and return  with Lady Lemore and Ser Rolly.
2266,Yandry,Ysilla,"They will not be forgotten when His Grace comes  into his kingdom.As you command, my lord."
2267,Dick,Tattered,"Coz heard it in the   command tent, from Caggos own lips,Well march before the day is out, see if we  dont."
2268,Quentyn,Tattered,"Not that them Yunkish bastards will be wanting us inside their Yellow City, sniffing  round their daughters,Well get provisions in Yunkai, maybe fresh horses, then it will be on to Meereen to dance with  the dragon queen."
2269,Quentyn,Tattered,Might be hell need  it soon.
2270,Gerris,Quentyn,"I am not a  squire,I earned my spurs in Dorne.I am as much a knight as you  are."
2271,Daenerys,Quentyn,"Arch is the best fighter of the three of us,but only you can hope to wed the dragon queen."
2272,Daenerys,Quentyn,"One of her captains comes of a line where the men   have foot-long members,but even hes not big enough for her."
2273,Aerys,Daenerys,Her khal killed her brother to make her queen.
2274,Aerys,Daenerys,It runs in the blood.
2275,Chett,Gerris,"Past time,"
2276,Gerris,Quentyn,"Ill want my armor, Frog.Did you scrub that blood off my mail?Aye, ser."
2277,Gerris,Quentyn,"Id sooner pose as poor than evil,"
2278,Gerris,Tattered,"And now we ride,"
2279,Bloodbeard,Tattered,"Astapor was but a taste,Meereen  will be the feast,"
2280,Bloodbeard,Gerris,"Soon,"
2281,Bloodbeard,Gerris,"We need to do it soon.Not here,Well speak of this tonight, when we  make camp."
2282,Chett,Gerris,"With their generals, its a wonder they dont  march into the sea,"
2283,Daenerys,Dick,"Cock and cunny both,The Whale  used to own a giant too, liked to watch him fuck his slave girls."
2284,Daenerys,Dick,I hear the Whaled give a  sack o gold for a new one.
2285,Dick,Gerris,"The Little Pigeon breeds them,He buys tall slaves from all over  the world, mates the men to the women, and keeps their tallest offspring for the Herons.One day he  hopes to be able to dispense with the stilts.A few sessions on the rack might speed along the process,"
2286,Dick,Gerris,A fearsome lot.
2287,Dick,Gerris,"If one was after me, Id laugh so hard my bladder might let go.Some say that herons are majestic,If your king eats frogs while standing  on one leg.Herons are craven,One time me and Drink and Cletus were hunting, and  we came on these herons wading in the shallows, feasting on tadpoles and small fish."
2288,Cletus,Hero,"Tasted like duck, but not so greasy."
2289,Dick,Hero,"None of the poor bastards can run  unless they all run,And if they do all run, they wont run very fast.They dont fucking march very fast either,You can hear them clanking ten  leagues off."
2290,Dick,Hero,"A pack of stinking yellow fools,They still aint managed to puzzle  out why the Stormcrows and the Second Sons went over to the dragon queen.For gold, they believe,Why do you think theyre paying us so well?Gold is sweet, but life is sweeter,We were dancing with cripples at Astapor.Do  you want to face real Unsullied with that lot on your side?We fought the Unsullied at Astapor,I said real Unsullied."
2291,Chett,Dick,"That  dragon queens got the real item, the kind that dont break and run when you fart in their general  direction.Them, and dragons too."
2292,Chett,Dick,"Keep your swords sharp, boys, well  have us a real fight soon."
2293,Chett,Dick,"That was butchery, not  battle,"
2294,Chett,Cleon,"Into your armor, slugabed,The Butchers coming out to give us battle.Up, unless you mean to be his meat.The Butcher King is dead,"
2295,Cleon,Gerris,"Maybe they lied,Or else this is some other butcher."
2296,Cleon,Gerris,Get your armor on.
2297,Gerris,Quentyn,"Stay close to Arch, whatever happens.Remember, youre the only one of us who can get the girl."
2298,Gerris,Quentyn,"The big man should be here as well,Hes gone to look up Old Bill Bone and lose  the rest of his silver,Leave him out of this.Hell do as we say, though he wont like it  much.No."
2299,Gerris,Quentyn,"Daenerys may be halfway to Yunkai by now, with an army at her back,She may be,"
2300,Daenerys,Gerris,"She didnt come then, and  shes not coming now.We cant know that, not for certain.We need to steal away before we end up fighting the  woman I was sent to woo.Wait till Yunkai."
2301,Gerris,Quentyn,These lands belong to the Yunkaii.
2302,Gerris,Quentyn,"North of Yunkai, thats no-mans-land."
2303,Daenerys,Quentyn,The big mans made too many friends.
2304,Daenerys,Tattered,"You know him as well as I do.Its desertion whenever we do it,"
2305,Meris,Quentyn,"If were unlucky, theyll give us to Pretty Meris."
2306,Gerris,Meris,Wait.
2307,Gerris,Meris,"Somewhere north of Yunkai our chance will come.If you say,"
2308,Chett,Jacelyn,Dornish.
2309,Gerris,Tattered,"Were all Dornish.All of you, then."
2310,Quentyn,Tattered,"Admit to nothing and be prepared to fight,I am always prepared to fight,"
2311,Tattered,Yellow,"Orders have come down from  Yurkhaz,What Astapori still survive have come creeping from their hidey-holes, it seems."
2312,Tattered,Yellow,"Half of them have the bloody flux,  and even the healthy ones are mouths to feed.Yunkai is closer than Meereen,What if they wont turn, my  lord?Thats why you have swords and lances, Hugh."
2313,Bloodbeard,Yellow,"Bloodbeards got the same orders, so the Cats will be in the field as well."
2314,Bloodbeard,Dick,old grey-beards in rags.
2315,Bloodbeard,Dick,"Begging your pardon, but were all Seven Kingdoms born here."
2316,Dick,Yellow,Why send us lot together?A fair question.
2317,Quentyn,Tattered,Go over to them.Go over to them?
2318,Quentyn,Tattered,"Youd have us turn our cloaks?I would,"
2319,Caggo,Quentyn,"You think Queen Daenerys will take us in I do. but if she does, what then?"
2320,Caggo,Quentyn,Are you thinking to change  sides?
2321,Caggo,Tattered,"That is for the prince to decide, Hungerford.Your part is to do as you are told.Always."
2322,Caggo,Tattered,"Let us be frank,The Yunkaii do not inspire confidence."
2323,Quentyn,Tattered,"Our prince is wise to keep all roads open.Meris will command you,She knows my mind in this  and  Daenerys Targaryen may be more accepting of another woman."
2324,Dick,Meris,The girl would be a fool to trust us.
2325,Meris,Tattered,"Hell, I dont trust Meris, and Ive fucked her a few times."
2326,Meris,Tattered,"I think you are mistaken, Dick,You are all Westerosi."
2327,Caggo,Tattered,"Ser Orson  blames me for dispatching his brother to the Sorrows and Ser Lucifer is still seething about that slave girl  Caggo took from him.He could have given her back when hed had her,He had no cause  to kill her.She was ugly,Thats cause enough."
2328,Caggo,Tattered,"Webber, you nurse claims to lands lost in  Westeros."
2329,Daenerys,Tattered,"The  plunder from Astapor was much less than you were promised in Volantis, and I took the lions share of  it.The last parts true,The best ruses always have some seed of truth,Every one of you has ample reason for wanting to abandon me."
2330,Daenerys,Tattered,Her own Second Sons and Stormcrows took Yunkish  gold but did not hesitate to join her when the tide of battle began to flow her way.When should we leave?
2331,Daenerys,Tattered,At once.
2332,Daenerys,Quentyn,"Turn  your tiles too soon, and you will be maimed as deserters or disemboweled as turncloaks."
2333,Asha,Galbart,So.
2334,Asha,Galbart,A dragon hunt.
2335,Asha,Galbart,My lady.
2336,Asha,Galbart,A bird from  Barrowton.
2337,Qarl,Stannis,The northmen have taken  Moat Cailin.The Bastard of Bolton?
2338,Qarl,Stannis,"Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell, he signs  himself.But there are other names as well."
2339,Asha,Galbart,"I write  this letter in the blood of ironmen,I send you each a piece of prince."
2340,Sybell,Sybelle,"There will be no answer,May I share these tidings with Lady Sybelle?If it please you."
2341,Asha,Torrhen,Here.
2342,Asha,Torrhen,You have my leave to go.
2343,Asha,Torrhen,"If  Moat Cailin has fallen, Torrhens Square will soon follow.Then it will be our turn.Not for a while yet.The Cleftjaw will make them bleed."
2344,Euron,Torrhen,Euron has no interest in Balons  conquests.My nuncles off chasing dragons.
2345,Asha,Cromm,"We stand alone.Dagmer will smash them,They are only wolves.The wolves are all slain."
2346,Asha,Cromm,"These are the  skinners who slew them.We should go to Torrhens Square and join the fight,Aye,"
2347,Asha,Galbart,Why should the Cleftjaw have all the glory for himself?
2348,Galbart,Qarl,"Get out,I want to be  alone.What you want is me."
2349,Asha,Galbart,Touch me again and Ill...What?
2350,Asha,Qarl,"Undress yourself, girl.Fuck yourself, you beardless boy.Id sooner fuck you."
2351,Qarl,Ramsay,"Ill  have you now.Do it,and Ill kill you in your sleep."
2352,Qarl,Ramsay,"Damn you,Damn you damn you damn  you."
2353,Asha,Qarl,"I am a woman wed,Youve despoiled me, you beardless boy.My lord husband will cut your balls off and put you in a dress."
2354,Asha,Qarl,If he can get out of his chair.
2355,Asha,Qarl,Now your life is mine.Where did I  put my dagger?
2356,Asha,Qarl,"Peach fuzz,"
2357,Asha,Qarl,"You see,"
2358,Asha,Galbart,"My sweet lady,My sweet queen."
2359,Asha,Galbart,Go back to sleep.
2360,Asha,Euron,"Go,Said the raven to the crow."
2361,Asha,Euron,I need you to raise the men of Harlaw.
2362,Asha,Euron,The men of Harlaw are here.
2363,Asha,Euron,I will not  set Harlaw against Harlaw.Eurons mad.
2364,Asha,Euron,  
2365,Asha,Euron,You dare not let his eye  fall upon you.If I stand with my other uncles 
2366,Euron,Rodrik,Read Haereg.
2367,Euron,Rodrik,"If you are staying, so am I,Dont be a fool."
2368,Asha,Euron,You will not have another chance.
2369,Chett,Jacelyn,"Do it for the love you bear me,  child."
2370,Asha,Rodrik,"It may be a long while before I  come again,"
2371,Asha,Rodrik,Where is Theon?
2372,Asha,Rodrik,Where is my baby boy?
2373,Asha,Rodrik,I am  seven years his elder.Ten Towers should be mine.
2374,Asha,Brea,"My wayward niece needs taming,and I know the man to  tame her."
2375,Asha,Euron,"I hope  Erik did not insist on a consummation,"
2376,Asha,Galbart,My queen.Dont mock me.You will always rule my heart.No amount of fools shouting at a kingsmoot can change that.
2377,Asha,Euron,Cheese?
2378,Asha,Euron,"Theres ham as well, and mustard.Its not food I want, my lady.You know that."
2379,Chett,Euron,"I saw you from the watchtower.If you have the watch, what are you doing here?Cromms up there, and Hagen the Horn."
2380,Chett,Euron,We need to talk.Again?
2381,Chett,Euron,"You know Hagens daughter, the one with the red hair."
2382,Chett,Jacelyn,"Seventeen, and Ive seen her looking at you.I dont want Hagens daughter."
2383,Chett,Qarl,"Asha, it is  time to go."
2384,Chett,Qarl,"If we remain here, the northmen will  kill us all, you know that.Would you have me run?I would have you live.I love you."
2385,Asha,Qarl,"I do not love you,and I do not run.Whats here that you should hold so tight to it but pine and mud and foes?"
2386,Asha,Qarl,"Sail away with me, and well make new lives upon the sea.As pirates?"
2387,Asha,Qarl,"As traders,Well voyage east as the Crows Eye did, but well come back with silks  and spices instead of a dragons horn."
2388,Asha,Qarl,We can  have a manse in Oldtown or one of the Free Cities.You and me and Qarl?
2389,Asha,Qarl,Hagens girl might  like to sail the Jade Sea with you.
2390,Asha,Qarl,  
2391,Asha,Qarl,Not unless you mean to submit to your lord husband.
2392,Brea,Euron,"I have hostages, on Harlaw,And  there is still Sea Dragon Point  if I cannot have my fathers kingdom, why not make one of my own?"
2393,Chett,Euron,You are clinging to Sea Dragon Point the way a drowning man clings to a bit of wreckage.
2394,Baelor,Euron,The land is too wet for wheat or corn.
2395,Baelor,Euron,Whats there?
2396,Baelor,Euron,"Two long coastlines, a  hundred hidden coves, otters in the lakes, salmon in the rivers, clams along the shore, colonies of seals  offshore, tall pines for building ships.Who will build these ships, my queen?"
2397,Baelor,Euron,Or do you mean to rule over a realm of seals and otters?
2398,Baelor,Euron,"Otters might be easier to rule than men, I grant you."
2399,Baelor,Euron,"I could find my nuncle Aeron, raise the isles."
2400,Asha,Baelor,The Anvil-Breaker is searching for the Damphair too.
2401,Asha,Tristifer,How will you find the priest when all of Eurons men cannot?He is my blood.My fathers brother.
2402,Asha,Tristifer,"Do you know what I think?I am about to, I suspect.I think the Damphairs dead."
2403,Asha,Tristifer,"Euron is afraid to be seen as a kinslayer.Never let my nuncle hear you say that.Tell the Crows Eye hes afraid of kinslaying, and hell  murder one of his own sons just to prove you wrong."
2404,Asha,Tristifer,"Even if you did find your uncle Damphair, the two of you would fail."
2405,Chett,Jacelyn,  Asha frowned.
2406,Asha,Tristifer,Which Torgon?Torgon the Latecomer.He was a king during the Age of Heroes.
2407,Asha,Tristifer,What of him?Torgon Greyiron was the kings eldest son.
2408,Asha,Chett,He ruled for almost two years.
2409,Asha,Chett,Torgon came home 
2410,Asha,Chett,Torgon  the Latecomer became the king and ruled for forty years.
2411,Asha,Chett,What was that?
2412,Asha,Chett,"A kiss, its called."
2413,Asha,Lorren,Thats a warhorn.Hagen.
2414,Asha,Lorren,"The Drowned God loves me after all.Here I was wondering what to do, and he has sent me foes to  fight."
2415,Asha,Lorren,The battles come to us.
2416,Asha,Grimtongue,"Cromm and Hagen saw them coming over the wall,Just these two?"
2417,Asha,Grimtongue,Five.
2418,Asha,Lorren,These two made it to the yard.
2419,Asha,Grimtongue,Who are you?
2420,Asha,Grimtongue,A Flint.Who are you?Asha of House Greyjoy.This is my castle.Deepwood be Galbart Glovers seat.No home for squids.Are there any more of you?
2421,Asha,Grimtongue,"What was your purpose here?The lady,Gods, stop."
2422,Asha,Grimtongue,It was just us  five.
2423,Asha,Galbart,How many more?
2424,Asha,Galbart,"Tell me, or Ill make your dying last until the dawn.Many,Thousands."
2425,Grimtongue,Lorren,"These five were sent to open our gates before the  main attack,Lorren, Harl, fetch me Lady Glover and her maester.Whole or bloody?"
2426,Grimtongue,Lorren,Whole and unharmed.
2427,Cromm,Hagen,"If they see so much as a hare, I  want to know of it."
2428,Asha,Lorren,"I warned you that this day would  come, my lady,"
2429,Sybell,Sybelle,"Lady Asha, I beg you,  strike your banners and let me bargain for your life."
2430,Sybell,Sybelle,I will tell  them so.We will exchange you for the children.
2431,Sybell,Sybelle,Gawen is four now.
2432,Asha,Sybelle,Nor to your men.
2433,Asha,Qarl,The wolves are coming down on us with  their teeth bared.
2434,Lorren,Qarl,Shall we throw down our spears  and axes and plead with them to spare us?No.
2435,Lorren,Qarl,"No,No,Never."
2436,Asha,Hagen,"To the walls,"
2437,Asha,Cromm,"There, Captain,"
2438,Asha,Cromm,"Oho,these mountain goats  have cloaked themselves in pine boughs."
2439,Asha,Cromm,"We cannot fight so many,We can fight as many as come, pup,The more there are, the more the glory.Men will sing of us."
2440,Cromm,Hagen,Come the morrow we will feast beneath the sea.
2441,Cromm,Hagen,"If we die with dry feet, how will we find our way to the Drowned  Gods watery halls?These woods are full of little streams,All of them lead to rivers, and all  the rivers to the sea."
2442,Asha,Cromm,A living man can find the sea more easily than a  dead one.
2443,Asha,Cromm,We are making for the ships.
2444,Asha,Hagen,"Hagen, blow your horn and make the forest shake.Tris, don some mail, its time you tried out  that sweet sword of yours."
2445,Asha,Hagen,"Splash some blood  upon the moon with me, and I promise you a kiss for every kill.My queen,here we have the walls, but if we reach the sea and find that the  wolves have taken our ships or driven them away  we die,but at least well die with our feet wet."
2446,Asha,Galbart,A ram!
2447,Asha,Galbart,They have a battering ram!Which gate?
2448,Asha,Galbart,The north!
2449,Asha,Galbart,"Open  the south gate,"
2450,Asha,Qarl,"The hour of the owl has fled, my brothers."
2451,Asha,Qarl,Were going home.Home!Asha!
2452,Asha,Hagen,"Bring her,"
2453,Asha,Hagen,Move out!
2454,Asha,Chett,"We are going the wrong way,We need to turn north, for the ships.West first,West until the sun comes up.Then north."
2455,Asha,Chett,Scout ahead and make sure our way is clear.
2456,Asha,Chett,"If you come on wolves, ride back to me with word.If we must,"
2457,Asha,Chett,"We should make  torches,Fire will bring the northmen down on us."
2458,Asha,Galbart,The sun will be up in a few hours.Well stop here and  rest till break of day.
2459,Grimtongue,Qarl,"I send you each a piece of prince,"
2460,Grimtongue,Qarl,"I would sooner have a piece of you,the sweet piece thats..."
2461,Asha,Grimtongue,Rolfe the Dwarfs not so tall as he once was.
2462,Asha,Chett,To me!
2463,Grimtongue,Qarl,"Four,Five,"
2464,Asha,Grimtongue,"Seven,"
2465,Grimtongue,Hagen,"Nine, and damn you all."
2466,Asha,Chett,Cunt!
2467,Asha,Chett,Cunt!Cunt!
2468,Asha,Chett,"You bloody cunt,"
2469,Chett,Tyrion,"Im full of good fortune,Cut me loose, friend, and Ill see  youre well rewarded."
2470,Chett,Tyrion,"Save your lies for those who speak your tongue, Imp,"
2471,Chett,Tyrion,"You speak my  tongue.Can I sway you with promises, or are you determined to buy a lordship with my head?I was a lord, by right of birth.I want no hollow titles.Thats all youre like to get from my sweet sister.And here Id heard a Lannister always pays his debts.Oh, every penny  but never a groat more, my lord.Youll get the meal you bargained for, but  it wont be sauced with gratitude, and in the end it will not nourish you.Might be all I want is to see you pay for crimes.The kinslayer is accursed in the eyes of gods  and men.The gods are blind.And men see only what they wish.I see you plain enough, Imp."
2472,Chett,Tyrion,"I have done  things I am not proud of, things that brought shame onto my House and my fathers name  but to kill  your own sire?How could any man do that?Give me a crossbow and pull down your breeches, and Ill show you."
2473,Chett,Tyrion,"You think this is a jape?I think life is a jape.Yours, mine, everyones."
2474,Chett,Tyrion,"This city smells like an old whore,Like some sagging slattern who  has drenched her privy parts in perfume to drown the stench between her legs."
2475,Cersei,Tyrion,"With whores, the young ones smell much better, but the old ones know more tricks.You would know more of that than I do.Ah, of course."
2476,Cersei,Tyrion,Was that your virgin sister  squirming in your lap?
2477,Cersei,Tyrion,Give that tongue of yours a rest unless youd rather I tied it in a knot.
2478,Big,Tyrion,Is an oxcart an oxcart without an ox?
2479,Baelor,Tyrion,So many slaves  where are they all going?The red priests light their nightfires at sunset.
2480,Baelor,Tyrion,"I would avoid it  if I could, but to reach the Long Bridge we must pass the red temple."
2481,Benerro,Tyrion,"Make way,Clear  a path."
2482,Benerro,Tyrion,Is that a slave tattoo?
2483,Benerro,Tyrion,The red temple buys them as children and makes them priests or temple  prostitutes or warriors.Look there.
2484,Benerro,Tyrion,"The  Fiery Hand.The Lord of Lights sacred soldiers, defenders of the temple."
2485,Benerro,Tyrion,"And how many fingers does this hand have, pray?One thousand."
2486,Benerro,Tyrion,A new flame is kindled for every one that gutters  out.
2487,Conn,Tyrion,What is he saying?
2488,Aegon,Tyrion,That Daenerys stands in peril.
2489,Chett,Tyrion,"Come here,"
2490,Chett,Tyrion,"My  thanks,Save your  gratitude for someone who deserves it, Imp."
2491,Chett,Tyrion,"I must be more fearsome than I knew,"
2492,Cersei,Tyrion,Or were you afraid that I would dash away on these stunted little legs of mine?
2493,Cersei,Tyrion,"Its  your mouth that concerns me, not your legs."
2494,Cersei,Tyrion,"No one will listen to a word you  say, not even those who speak the tongue of Westeros.Theres no need for this,I will be a good little prisoner, I will, I will.Prove it, then, and shut your mouth."
2495,Chett,Tyrion,What did they do?
2496,Chett,Tyrion,The woman was a slave who raised her hand to her  mistress.The older man was accused of fomenting rebellion and spying for the dragon queen.And the young one?Killed his father.
2497,Chett,Tyrion,"Malaquo, Malaquo."
2498,Chett,Tyrion,How much farther?
2499,Chett,Tyrion,Just there.Fishmongers Square.
2500,Cersei,Tyrion,Must you?
2501,Cersei,Tyrion,"Where am I going to go, out the window?You might.We are four floors up, and I cannot fly.You can fall.I want you alive."
2502,Cersei,Tyrion,"I know who you are, ser."
2503,Jaime,Tyrion,I know what you are.
2504,Jaime,Tyrion,Would it interest you to know that it was the eunuch who dispatched  me on this journey?
2505,Jaime,Tyrion,I am as much his creature as you  are.We ought not be at odds.
2506,Jaime,Tyrion,"I took the Spiders coin, Ill not deny it, but I was never his  creature.And my loyalties lie elsewhere now.With Cersei?"
2507,Jaime,Tyrion,Why not end this farce now and spare us both?
2508,Jaime,Tyrion,Is this some dwarfs trick?Beg for death in hopes Ill let you live?
2509,Jaime,Tyrion,Ill bring you something from the kitchens.How kind of you.Ill wait here.I know you will.
2510,Chett,Tyrion,Some ale to wash this down?
2511,Chett,Tyrion,"Most of Volantis is getting drunk, why not you?"
2512,Chett,Tyrion,Is this some holy day?Third day of their elections.
2513,Chett,Tyrion,Those jugglers are  performing for Methyso.Remind me to vote for someone else.
2514,Chett,Tyrion,"Do all these would-be triarchs provide mummer shows?They do whatever they think will win them votes,Food, drink, spectacle   Alios has sent a hundred pretty slave girls out into the streets to lie with voters.Im for him,Bring me a slave girl.Theyre for freeborn Volantenes with enough property to vote.Precious few voters west of the  river.And this goes on for ten days?"
2515,Chett,Tyrion,"I might enjoy that, though three kings is two  too many."
2516,Cersei,Tyrion,I am surprised these triarchs dont do the  same.A few have tried.
2517,Cersei,Tyrion,Think of the dead who might  still live if Mad Aerys only had two fellow kings to share the rule.
2518,Cersei,Tyrion,"Some in the Free Cities think that were all savages  on our side of the narrow sea,The ones who dont think that were children,  crying out for a fathers strong hand.Or a mothers?"
2519,Cersei,Tyrion,You seem  to know this city well.I spent the best part of a year here.
2520,Cersei,Tyrion,"When Stark drove me into exile, I fled to Lys with my second wife."
2521,Cersei,Jorah,"That was how I came to Volantis  one step ahead of slavery, owning nothing but my sword and the  clothes upon my back.And now you want to run home."
2522,Chett,Jorah,On the morrow Ill find us a ship.
2523,Jorah,Tyrion,That should see you through till the morning.
2524,Jorah,Tyrion,"If I take you off the ring, will you do as youre told?Will it involve dancing?"
2525,Jorah,Tyrion,On my honor as a Lannister.The Lannisters have no honor.
2526,Jorah,Tyrion,"Wherever were going, you will need to roll me there."
2527,Jorah,Tyrion,"He saw me,What of it?He knows me.Who I am.Should I stuff you in a sack, so no one will see you?"
2528,Jorah,Tyrion,"If he means to try and take you, he is welcome to try."
2529,Jorah,Tyrion,"You have a healthy appetite this morning,Ive heard the food in hell is wretched."
2530,Illyrio,Tyrion,Are you expecting  someone?
2531,Illyrio,Tyrion,"You never know who the wind might blow in.My one true love, my fathers  ghost, a duck."
2532,Aegon,Tyrion,Not bad.For a bug.Last night the talk here was all of Westeros.
2533,Aegon,Tyrion,Half the captains in Volantis are racing upriver to Volon Therys to offer him  their ships.
2534,Aegon,Tyrion,"Bugger,I meant to hire the Golden Company myself, to  win me Casterly Rock."
2535,Daenerys,Tyrion,"Ill gladly hire  you as well, ser."
2536,Daenerys,Tyrion,"Swear me your sword, and once I win it back Ill  drown you in gold.I saw a man drowned in gold once."
2537,Daenerys,Tyrion,"If you ever get my sword, it will b e  through your bowels.A sure cure for constipation,Just ask my father."
2538,Jorah,Tyrion,"The widow will see you next, noble ser.Have you brought a gift for  her?Yes.Thank you."
2539,Jorah,Tyrion,"Whose widow is this?The widow of the waterfront.East of the Rhoyne they still call her Vogarros whore, though  never to her face."
2540,Jorah,Tyrion,"And Vogarro was  ?An elephant, seven times a triarch, very rich, a power on the docks."
2541,Jorah,Tyrion,"When hes done, it will be our turn.And this old harridan will help you how?"
2542,Jorah,Tyrion,Watch and see.Hes leaving.
2543,Jorah,Tyrion,customary table
2544,Jorah,Tyrion,"A dwarf,"
2545,Jorah,Tyrion,"Volantis has been overrun with  dwarfs of late, it seems.Does this one do tricks?"
2546,Jorah,Tyrion,"No,A pity."
2547,Jorah,Tyrion,Is he a gift?No.I brought you these.
2548,Jorah,Tyrion,Gloves for my poor old wrinkled hands.How nice.
2549,Jorah,Tyrion,"I bought them on the Long Bridge.A man can buy most anything on the Long Bridge.Gloves, slaves, monkeys."
2550,Cersei,Tyrion,Now tell  this old widow how she may be of service to you.We need swift passage to Meereen.
2551,Cersei,Daenerys,Why come to me?
2552,Cersei,Daenerys,I own no ships.You have many captains in your debt.
2553,Jorah,Tyrion,"Your dwarf is having a fit,My dwarf will be quiet, or Ill see him  gagged."
2554,Jorah,Tyrion,Shall we have a drink?
2555,Jorah,Tyrion,"All the other exiles are sailing west, or so these old ears have heard."
2556,Jorah,Tyrion,"And yet you  would go the other way, ser.My business is in the east.And what business is that, I wonder?"
2557,Chett,Jorah,"Ah, there it is."
2558,Chett,Jorah,I have  heard it said that the silver queen feeds them with the flesh of infants while she herself bathes in the  blood of virgin girls and takes a different lover every night.
2559,Chett,Jorah,"The Yunkaii are pouring poison in your ears.My lady should  not believe such filth.I am no lady, but even Vogarros whore knows the taste of falsehood."
2560,Jorah,Tyrion,"Let Alios or Parquello or Belicho gain the triarchy, and the fleets will sail."
2561,Jorah,Tyrion,"If Doniphos is returned Vogarro will be returned first, and my sweet lord has been dead these thirty years."
2562,Jorah,Tyrion,They call this ale?
2563,Jorah,Tyrion,"A monkey could piss  better ale.And you would drink it,"
2564,Haldon,Tyrion,"Some of the first elephants were women,"
2565,Jorah,Tyrion,Or so they think.And what do you think?
2566,Jorah,Tyrion,"Oh, I think it will be war as well, but not the war they  want."
2567,Benerro,Tyrion,"I think that red Rhllor has more  worshipers in this city than all the other gods together.Have you heard Benerro preach?Last night.Benerro can see the morrow in his flames,Triarch Malaquo tried to hire the  Golden Company, did you know?"
2568,Benerro,Tyrion,"So tell me, ser   why do you seek the silver queen?That is my concern."
2569,Benerro,Tyrion,I have the silver.
2570,Jorah,Tyrion,Keep your silver.
2571,Jorah,Tyrion,Let me crook a finger and you may find yourself traveling to Meereen chained to an oar in the  belly of a galley.
2572,Jorah,Tyrion,"Seek the widow of the waterfront, someone told you, but they should have also  warned you, beware the widows sons."
2573,Jorah,Tyrion,"Why would  you seek Daenerys Targaryen, whom half the world wants dead?"
2574,Jorah,Tyrion,To serve her.
2575,Jorah,Tyrion,"Die for  her, if need be."
2576,Jorah,Tyrion,"You want to rescue her, is that the way of it?"
2577,Jorah,Tyrion,"That you  are a true and chivalrous Westerosi knight crossing half the world to come to the aid of this  well, she  is no maiden, though she may still be fair."
2578,Jorah,Tyrion,"Do you think your dwarf will please her?Will she bathe in his blood, do you think, or content herself with striking off his head?"
2579,Jorah,Tyrion,"The dwarf is......I know who the dwarf is, and what he is."
2580,Jorah,Tyrion,"Kinslayer, kingslayer, murderer, turncloak.Lannister."
2581,Jorah,Tyrion,"What do you plan to  offer the dragon queen, little man?"
2582,Jorah,Tyrion,Whatever she would have of me.
2583,Jorah,Tyrion,And the only reward I  ask is I might be allowed to rape and kill my sister.
2584,Jorah,Tyrion,"This one at least is honest,"
2585,Jorah,Tyrion,"I do not trust you, ser."
2586,Jorah,Tyrion,"If you want to get to  Meereen, swim.I have no help to give you."
2587,Jorah,Tyrion,No!
2588,Jorah,Tyrion,Let go!
2589,Jorah,Tyrion,Enough.
2590,Jorah,Tyrion,"Dwarf fight,"
2591,Chett,Tyrion,Why?
2592,Chett,Tyrion,What did I ever  do to you?They killed him.
2593,Joffrey,Tyrion,My brother.They took him and they killed him.Who killed him?
2594,Joffrey,Tyrion,Sailors.
2595,Joffrey,Tyrion,They cut his head off.
2596,Joffrey,Tyrion,Did you ride the pig?
2597,Joffrey,Tyrion,"Or the dog?The dog,Oppo always rode the pig."
2598,Cersei,Jorah,"Let her down, ser,She wont do us any harm."
2599,Cersei,Jorah,I am sorry for your brother  but we had no part  in his murder.He did.
2600,Cersei,Jorah,It was him they wanted.They thought Oppo was him.
2601,Cersei,Jorah,"He should die, the way my poor brother died."
2602,Jorah,Tyrion,Someone kill him.
2603,Jorah,Tyrion,"Knights defend the weak and protect  the innocent, they say.And I am the fairest maid in all Volantis."
2604,Chett,Tyrion,"What do  they call you, child?Penny."
2605,Jorah,Tyrion,"Monsters should be  larger, it seems to me."
2606,Jorah,Tyrion,"Volantis is no safe place for dwarfs, it seems.You are too kind."
2607,Jorah,Tyrion,Perhaps you would remove these  charming iron bracelets as well?
2608,Jorah,Tyrion,"Ill make you a gift of them, and gladly.How generous."
2609,Jorah,Tyrion,"And  sad to say, this is Volantis, where fetters and chains are cheaper than day-old bread and it is forbidden  to help a slave escape.Im no slave.Every man ever taken by slavers sings that same sad song.I dare not help you  here."
2610,Jorah,Tyrion,"Two days from now, the cog Selaesori Qhoran will set sail for Qarth by way of  New Ghis, carrying tin and iron, bales of wool and lace, fifty Myrish carpets, a corpse pickled in brine,  twenty jars of dragon peppers, and a red priest.Be on her when she sails.We will,and thank you."
2611,Jorah,Tyrion,Qarth is not our destination.She will never reach Qarth.Benerro has seen it in his fires.
2612,Jorah,Tyrion,As you say.
2613,Jorah,Tyrion,"If I were Volantene, and free, and had the blood, youd have my  vote for triarch, my lady.I am no lady,"
2614,Jorah,Tyrion,"Should you reach your queen, give her a message from the slaves of Old Volantis."
2615,Alliser,Tyrion,Tell her we are  waiting.Tell her to come soon.
2616,Alliser,Jon,"So the bastard boy sends me out to die.Die,Die, die, die."
2617,Alliser,Jon,The bastard boy is sending you out to range.
2618,Dywen,Jon,"You were master-at-arms, here and at  Eastwatch."
2619,Dywen,Jon,Aye.
2620,Alliser,Dywen,"Small good that will do me in  those woods.Dywen will be with you, and another seasoned ranger.Well learn you what you need t know, ser,Teach you how t  wipe your highborn arse with leaves, just like a proper ranger."
2621,Chett,Jacelyn,
2622,Alliser,Jon,"Im coming back, Lord Snow.I pray you do."
2623,Benjen,Dywen,"Feels good to have a horse under me again,Begging your pardon, mlord, but we were all o us getting splinters up  our arses from sitting about."
2624,Cotter,Jon,"I had a frightening dream last night, mlord,You were my steward,  fetching my food and cleaning up my leavings.I was lord commander, with never a moments peace."
2625,Cotter,Jon,"Your nightmare, my life."
2626,Cotter,Denys,"When I asked  for men, I had in mind men of the Nights Watch, trained and disciplined, whose loyalty I should never  have reason to doubt,"
2627,Cotter,Denys,"I could hang them from the Wall as a  warning to other wildlings to stay away, but I dont see any other use for them,I wouldnt trust such to clean my chamber pot, and ten is not enough."
2628,Emmett,Emrick,Lord Commander.How  may we serve you?With your three best.
2629,Emmett,Emrick,Arron.
2630,Emrick,Hop,Jace.
2631,Arron,Jon,It will serve.
2632,Arron,Jon,Come.Which one do you want first?
2633,Arron,Jon,All three of you.At once.Three on one?
2634,Arron,Jon,That wouldnt be fair.
2635,Arron,Jon,True.Come here.
2636,Arron,Jon,"War is never fair,Its two on one now, and youre dead."
2637,Arron,Emrick,"Those   arent spears,Get in close."
2638,Jon,Rattleshirt,I hate it  when dead men get up.Youll feel the same the day you meet a wight.
2639,Jon,Rattleshirt,"The big crow can peck the little crows,but has he belly enough  to fight a man?"
2640,Jon,Rattleshirt,"You flatter yourself,Aye, but Id flatten you.Stannis burned the wrong man.No."
2641,Jon,Rattleshirt,"He burned the  man he had to burn, for all the world to see."
2642,Jon,Samwell,"Even kings.Emmett, find some armor for him.I want him in steel, not old bones."
2643,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Theres a sweet sound,Flap closer, Snow.I mean to make your feathers fly."
2644,Emmett,Jon,"If I had me a dagger, youd be less an eye by now,Let go o me,  you bloody crows,"
2645,Emmett,Jon,"Well fought.You flatter yourself, crow.I never broke a sweat.Next time you will,"
2646,Hop,Jon,Release him.
2647,Hop,Robin,"My lord,he threatened your life, we all heard.He said that if he had a  dagger...He does have a dagger."
2648,Clydas,Robb,Lord Snow?
2649,Clydas,Jon,From  Stannis?
2650,Clydas,Jon,"Is it Deepwood?No, my lord."
2651,Emmett,Jon,"Might we know what it says, my lord?"
2652,Emmett,Jon,Moat Cailin is taken.
2653,Chett,Jacelyn,
2654,Arya,Clydas,Lord Snow?
2655,Arya,Clydas,Are you  unwell?  My little sister.
2656,Catelyn,Jon,"Your sister,how old is "
2657,Catelyn,Jon,I have no sister.
2658,Catelyn,Jon,Only you.
2659,Clydas,Jon,Will there be an answer?
2660,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Theyll go yellow  before they fade away,Ill look as sallow as the Lord of Bones.Bones,Bones, bones."
2661,Arya,Mikken,"Snow,Snow, snow."
2662,Jon,Mully,When did  you get back?
2663,Kegs,Mully,"A cruel cold out there, mlord,Will you be out long?No.I just need a breath of air."
2664,Jon,Melisandre,"Ygritte,Lord Snow."
2665,Jon,Melisandre,Lady Melisandre.
2666,Melisandre,Ygritte,I mistook you  for someone else.
2667,Jon,Ygritte,"You will freeze your  fingers off,If that is the will of Rhllor.Nights powers cannot touch one whose heart is bathed in gods  holy fire.You heart does not concern me.Just your hands.The heart is all that matters."
2668,Jon,Melisandre,Your sister is not lost to you.I have no sister.
2669,Jon,Melisandre,"What is her name, this little sister that you do not have?Arya."
2670,Jon,Melisandre,"My half-sister, truly "
2671,Jon,Melisandre,"It has not happened yet, but it will."
2672,Jon,Melisandre,May I touch your  wolf?
2673,Jon,Melisandre,"Best not.He will not harm me.You call him Ghost, yes?Yes, but Ghost."
2674,Jon,Melisandre,He is not always so  warm?
2675,Jon,Melisandre,"Ghost,To me."
2676,Jon,Melisandre,Thats  queer.You think so?
2677,Jon,Melisandre,"Your Wall is a queer place, but  there is power here, if you will use it."
2678,Jon,Melisandre,Use it.
2679,Jon,Melisandre,And how would I do that?I can show you.
2680,Jon,Melisandre,"The Lord of Light in his wisdom made us male and female, two parts of a greater whole."
2681,Jon,Melisandre,Power to cast shadows.Shadows.
2682,Jon,Melisandre,Every man who walks the earth casts a  shadow on the world.
2683,Arya,Jon,The moon has kissed you and etched your shadow upon the ice twenty feet tall.
2684,Mance,Melisandre,Dalla told me something once.
2685,Mance,Melisandre,There is no safe way to grasp it.A wise woman.
2686,Jon,Melisandre,"A sword without a hilt is  still a sword, though, and a sword is a fine thing to have when foes are all about."
2687,Jon,Melisandre,"Empty sockets, weeping blood."
2688,Jon,Melisandre,You do not believe me.
2689,Chett,Davos,"And come that day, take my hand."
2690,Davos,Garth,"Take my  hand,and let me save your sister."
2691,Davos,Garth,"Here, porridge for the dead man.Blow out the candle,  dead man."
2692,Davos,Garth,"The Whore dont look  like much,"
2693,Davos,Garth,"Its her wholl take your head and hands,  when Lord Wyman sends down word."
2694,Davos,Garth,"The dead should not eat  better than the living,"
2695,Davos,Wyman,"Only us here, Onion,"
2696,Davos,Wyman,us
2697,Bran,Brandon,"Then a long cruel winter fell,The White Knife froze hard, and even the firth  was icing up."
2698,Davos,Edric,"Your Seven dont know winter, and winter dont know them."
2699,Davos,Edric,What gods do you keep?
2700,Davos,Stannis,The old ones.
2701,Davos,Stannis,"Me and mine were here  before the Manderlys.Like as not, my own forebears strung those entrails through the tree.I never knew that northmen made blood sacrifice to their heart trees.Theres much and more you southrons do not know about the north,"
2702,Davos,Stannis,"Lord Seaworth,we do not have much time."
2703,Davos,Stannis,please
2704,Davos,Stannis,"Who are you?Robett Glover, if it please, my lord.Glover.Your seat was Deepwood Motte.My brother Galbarts seat."
2705,Davos,Ramsay,"Now, will you come with me, or no?What choice do I have, my lord?Come with you, or remain with Garth and Lady Lu?Who is Lady Lu?One of the washerwomen?"
2706,Davos,Ramsay,All will be  explained if you will come.
2707,Davos,Ramsay,"If I should die, I beseech my lord to see that my letters are delivered.You have my word on that  though if you die, it will not be at Glovers hands, nor Lord  Wymans.Quickly now, with me."
2708,Davos,Porridge,Where are we?
2709,Davos,Porridge,The steps beneath the steps.
2710,Davos,Porridge,You are supposed to be dead.
2711,Davos,Wyman,Please sit.
2712,Wyl,Wyman,"Are you hungry?No, my lord.Your gaolers have fed me well.There is wine, if you have a thirst.I will treat with you, my lord."
2713,Wyl,Wyman,I do not have to drink with you.
2714,Wyl,Wyman,"I have treated you most shamefully, I know."
2715,Davos,Wyman,The other Freys are raising  cups of wine to toast our friendship.
2716,Davos,Wyman,"I have just come from the high table,I have eaten too much, as ever,  and all White Harbor knows my bowels are bad.My friends of Frey will not question a lengthy visit to  the privy, we hope."
2717,Davos,Wyman,There.
2718,Davos,Wyman,"Lord Davos, you will not  know, but you are dead."
2719,Davos,Wyman,"How did I  die, if I may ask?By the axe."
2720,Chett,Davos,"Carrion crows and seabirds squabbled over your eyes, they say."
2721,Chett,Davos,"If it please my lord, who died  in my place?Does it matter?"
2722,Davos,Wyman,"The rancor I  showed you in the Mermans Court was a mummers farce put on to please our friends of Frey.My lord should take up a life of mummery,You and yours were most convincing.  "
2723,Davos,Wyman,Did you see how brave she was?
2724,Tywin,Wyl,"When treating with liars, even an honest man must lie."
2725,Tywin,Wyl,"I am fat, and many think that makes me weak and foolish."
2726,Davos,Wyl,"That was the reason for the  discourtesy I showed you in the Mermans Court, and for the head and hands rotting above the Seal  Gate.You took a great risk, my lord,If the Freys had seen through your deception I took no risk at all."
2727,Davos,Wyl,"I see.I hope so.You have sons of your own, you said."
2728,Davos,Jared,"Soon I must return to the feast to toast my  friends of Frey,They watch me, ser."
2729,Davos,Walder,"They infest my city like roaches, and at night I feel  them crawling over me."
2730,Davos,Walder,My son  Wendel came to the Twins a guest.
2731,Davos,Wyman,My son is home.
2732,Davos,Wyman,"If it is justice that  you want, my lord, look to King Stannis.No man is more just.Your loyalty does you honor, my lord, but Stannis Baratheon  remains your king, not our own.Your own king is dead,murdered at the Red Wedding beside Lord  Wymans son.The Young Wolf is dead,but that brave boy was not Lord Eddards only  son."
2733,Davos,Theon,Who are you?
2734,Davos,Theon,"He is a mute, but we have been teaching him his letters.He  learns quickly."
2735,Davos,Theon,Write your name for Lord  Seaworth.
2736,Davos,Theon,Wex is ironborn.
2737,Davos,Theon,Wex was at Winterfell.
2738,Davos,Theon,How  much does Lord Stannis know of what transpired at Winterfell?
2739,Davos,Theon,"Winterfell was captured by Theon Greyjoy, who  had once been Lord Starks ward."
2740,Ramsay,Wyman,"When the northmen came to oust him, he put the entire castle to sword, down  to the last child, before he himself was slain by Lord Boltons bastard.Not slain,Captured, and carried back to the Dreadfort.The Bastard has been  flaying him."
2741,Ramsay,Wyman,"The tale you tell is one we all have heard, as full of lies as a puddings full  of raisins."
2742,Ramsay,Wyman,"He spared the women, roped  them together, and marched them to the Dreadfort for his sport.His sport?He is a great hunter,"
2743,Davos,Wyman,"Elsewise, tother way around."
2744,Davos,Wyman,Gods be good.   said Robett Glover.
2745,Davos,Wyman,"Ramsay took Lord Hornwoods lands by forcibly  wedding his widow, then locked her in a tower and forgot her.It is said she ate her own fingers in her  extremity  and the Lannister notion of kings justice is to reward her killer with Eddard Starks little girl.The Boltons have always been as cruel as they were cunning, but this one seems a beast in  human skin,"
2746,Robb,Wyman,The Freys are no better.
2747,Davos,Wyman,"And yet so  long as they held Wylis I had no choice but to eat all this excrement and praise the taste.And now, my lord?"
2748,Chett,Jacelyn,
2749,Roose,Wyman,"Do hosts still  give guest gifts in the south?Some do, my lord.On the day their guest departs.Perhaps you understand, then."
2750,Roose,Wyman,I have  been building warships for more than a year.
2751,Bran,Wyman,"All this I pledge to do if you  will meet my price.I can bring your terms to the king, but...If you will meet my price, I said."
2752,Stannis,Wyman,Its not a king I need but  a smuggler.
2753,Rodrik,Stannis,"We may never know all that happened at Winterfell, when Ser  Rodrik Cassel tried to take the castle back from Theon Greyjoys ironmen."
2754,Wex,Wyman,"Until he learns more letters we will  never know half the truth  but he came to us knowing yes and no, and those can go a long way once  you find the right questions.It was the Bastard who murdered Ser Rodrik and the men of Winterfell,He  slew Greyjoys ironmen as well."
2755,Davos,Wex,"When we asked how he escaped,  he took a chunk of chalk and drew a tree with a face."
2756,Davos,Wex,The old gods saved him?After a fashion.
2757,Wex,Wyman,"Is that how it happened, Wex?"
2758,Chett,Jacelyn,
2759,Wex,Wyman,"Finally he heard voices down beneath him.The voices of the dead,"
2760,Davos,Wex,"Six of them,There were six.Two of them Eddard Starks murdered sons.How could a mute tell you that?With chalk.He drew two boys  and two wolves.The lad is ironborn, so he thought it best not to show himself,He listened."
2761,Davos,Wyman,"He must have stayed downwind, so the wolf would not catch his scent.He knows where they went,"
2762,Davos,Wyman,You want the boy.Roose Bolton has Lord Eddards daughter.
2763,Davos,Eddard,"Smuggle me back my liege lord, and I will take Stannis Baratheon as  my king."
2764,Chett,Jacelyn,
2765,Davos,Wyman,"You have ships.Ships,but my crews are rivermen, or fisherfolk who have never sailed  beyond the Bite."
2766,Davos,Wex,"Where is it you want  me to go, my lord?Wex."
2767,Daenerys,Groleo,"Let them see your dragons,Let the Yunkishmen have a taste of fire, and the trade will flow again.Those ships are strangling us, and all my admiral can do is talk of dragons,You are  my admiral, are you not?An admiral without ships.Build ships.Warships cannot be made from brick.The slavers burned every stand of timber within twenty  leagues of here.Then ride out two-and-twenty leagues.I will give you wagons, workers, mules, whatever you  require.I am a sailor, not a shipwright."
2768,Daenerys,Groleo,I cannot fight the Qartheen with fishing boats.
2769,Barristan,Daenerys,"There must be something we can do.Aye, and Ive told you what."
2770,Barristan,Daario,  
2771,Barristan,Daario,"Go pray to your Pentoshi gods for a storm to  sink our foes.No sailor prays for storms, Your Grace.I am tired of hearing what you will not do.Go."
2772,Barristan,Daario,"Our stores are ample for the moment,"
2773,Barristan,Daario,And you will have the friendship of Lhazar.
2774,Daario,Viserys,"The Lamb Men.Would that lambs had teeth.That would make the wolves more cautious, no doubt."
2775,Daario,Viserys,"How fare your orphans, ser?"
2776,Daario,Viserys,"Well, Your Grace.It is good of you to ask."
2777,Daario,Viserys,Four or five have the makings of knights.Perhaps as many as a dozen.One would be enough if he were as true as you.
2778,Daenerys,Viserys,Will they joust for me?I should like that.
2779,Daenerys,Missandei,"They are not ready, Your Grace.When they are, they will be pleased to demonstrate their  prowess.I hope that day comes quickly."
2780,Daenerys,Missandei,Missandei?Your Grace.Skahaz awaits your pleasure.Send him up.
2781,Daenerys,Missandei,"Your Radiance, Hizdahr was  seen to enter the pyramid of Zhak last evening.He did not depart until well after dark.How many pyramids has he visited?"
2782,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Eleven.And how long since the last murder?Six-and-twenty days.
2783,Daenerys,Hizdahr,So far Hizdahr has made good on his promises.How?
2784,Hizdahr,Skahaz,He may well be the Harpy.If there is a Harpy.
2785,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Hizdahr zo Loraq is  a persuasive man with many friends.
2786,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Perhaps he has bought this peace for us with  gold, or convinced the other highborn that our marriage is in their best interests.If he is not the Harpy, he knows him."
2787,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Give me your  leave to put Hizdahr to the question, and I will bring you a confession.No,I do not trust these confessions.Youve brought me too many of them, all of  them worthless.Your Radiance...No, I said."
2788,Daario,Hizdahr,A mistake.
2789,Daario,Hizdahr,Do you want a serpent in your bed?
2790,Daario,Skahaz,"You may continue  to watch Hizdahr zo Loraq, but no harm is to come to him.Is that understood?I am not deaf, Magnificence.I will obey."
2791,Daenerys,Skahaz,Your  Worship should have a look at this.
2792,Daenerys,Skahaz,Great Masters all.
2793,Hizdahr,Reznak,What am I to do with a list of names?Every man on that list has kin within the city.
2794,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Their lives will win you back those ships.If I send the Brazen Beasts into the pyramids, it will mean open war inside the city."
2795,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I have to hope for peace.
2796,Daenerys,Reznak,Are there no  petitioners today?
2797,Daenerys,Reznak,"No one who craves justice or silver for a sheep?No, Your Worship.The city is afraid.There is nothing to fear."
2798,Blue,Reznak,"Grey Worm is come as  well, Khaleesi.They beg words with you, most urgently.Bring them to my hall."
2799,Reznak,Skahaz,"Did the Green Grace say what this was  about?Astapor,"
2800,Grey Worm,Irri,"He came out of the morning mists, a rider on a pale horse, dying."
2801,Blue,Daenerys,"Under his tokar he was a skeleton, all bones  and fevered flesh."
2802,Blue,Daenerys,"The Unsullied brought this man to the  temple, where we stripped him and bathed him in cool water."
2803,Blue,Daenerys,"He died within the hour, still crying out that she was  burning. She is burning, Who is she?Astapor, Your Radiance,He said it, once.He said Astapor is  burning. It might have been his fever talking.Your Radiance speaks wisely,but Ezzara saw something else."
2804,Blue,Daenerys,"My queen,"
2805,Blue,Galazza,"The stains reached to his  knees, and there was dried blood amongst his excrement.His horse was bleeding, Grey Worm said.This thing is true, Your Grace,The pale mare was bloody from his  spur.That may be so, Your Radiance,but this blood was mingled with his stool. said Galazza Galare. said Ezzara,   said the Green Grace."
2806,Daenerys,Galazza,He comes as a sign.A sign of what?
2807,Daenerys,Galazza,A sign of wroth and ruin.
2808,Daenerys,Galazza,He was one man.
2809,Daenerys,Galazza,"A  horse brought him here, not a god."
2810,Barristan,Daenerys,I thank you for your counsel and  for all that you did for this poor man.
2811,Barristan,Daenerys,We shall pray for Astapor.
2812,Barristan,Daario,"Send riders into the hills to find my bloodriders.Recall Brown Ben  and the Second Sons as well.And the Stormcrows, Your Grace?"
2813,Barristan,Daario,Yes.Yes.
2814,Barristan,Daario,The Stormcrows too.Send riders after them at once.
2815,Daenerys,Reznak,"I heard talk Your Grace was going to take a husband,but no one told me it was me.We caught three Astapori."
2816,Daenerys,Reznak,What befell the rest of your party?
2817,Daenerys,Reznak,"Slain,Yunkais sellswords roam the hills north of Astapor, hunting down  those who flee the flames.Has the city fallen, then?Its walls were thick.This is so,but they were old and  crumbling as well."
2818,Chett,Daenerys,Every day we told each other that the dragon queen was coming  back.
2819,Chett,Daenerys,"Cleon had sent  for you, it was said, and you were coming."
2820,Chett,Daenerys,"Outside our walls, the Yunkaii  devoured our crops and slaughtered our herds,Inside we starved."
2821,Cleon,Daenerys,"The pyramid of Nakloz was despoiled and set aflame by those  who claimed that Kraznys mo Nakloz was to blame for all our woes.Others blamed Daenerys,"
2822,Cleon,Daenerys,"She is coming at the head of a great host, with food for all. "
2823,Chett,Cleon,Afterward the Green Grace was impaled upon a stake in the Plaza of Punishment and left until  she died.
2824,Cleon,Skahaz,"Soon after came  the sickness, a bloody flux that killed three men of every four, until a mob of dying men went mad and  slew the guards on the main gate.No."
2825,Cleon,Skahaz,The guards were torn apart and the gates thrown open.
2826,Chett,Skahaz,"King Cutthroat yielded and was  thrown into a fighting pit, to be torn apart by a pack of starving dogs.Even then some said that you were coming,They swore they had seen you  mounted on a dragon, flying high above the camps of the Yunkaii.Every day we looked for you."
2827,Chett,Skahaz,And when the city fell?
2828,Chett,Skahaz,What then?The butchery began.
2829,Daenerys,Skahaz,"The  Yunkaii held the gates.Yet you escaped,How is that?"
2830,Daenerys,Skahaz,"I am by trade a brickmaker, as my father and his father were before  me."
2831,Chett,Daenerys,We all agreed that it might be good to have our own way out.
2832,Daenerys,Reznak,"It is good  that you have come,You will be safe in Meereen."
2833,Daenerys,Reznak,"Theres more coming,These  three had horses.Most are afoot.How many are they?"
2834,Daenerys,Reznak,Hundreds.
2835,Daenerys,Reznak,"The Cats  and the Windblown are swarming through the hills with lance and lash, driving them north and cutting  down the laggards.Mouths on feet.And sick, you say?"
2836,Daenerys,Reznak,"Your Worship must not allow  them in the city.I wouldnt,Im no maester, mind you, but I know you got to keep the  bad apples from the good.These are not apples, Ben,These are men and women, sick and hungry and  afraid."
2837,Barristan,Daenerys,"I should have gone to Astapor.Your Grace could not have saved them,You warned King Cleon against this  war with Yunkai.The man was a fool, and his hands were red with blood."
2838,Barristan,Daario,"Cleon was the enemy of our enemy.If I had joined him at the Horns of Hazzat, we  might have crushed the Yunkaii between us."
2839,Daario,Reznak,"If you had taken the Unsullied south to Hazzat, the Sons of the  Harpy..."
2840,Daario,Reznak,It is Eroeh all over again.
2841,Daario,Reznak,Who is Eroeh?A girl I thought Id saved from rape and torment.
2842,Daario,Reznak,And all I did in Astapor was make ten thousand Eroehs.Your Grace could not have known...I am the queen. said Reznak mo Reznak.
2843,Daario,Reznak,"I may be a young girl  innocent of war, but I am not a lamb to walk bleating into the harpys den."
2844,Daenerys,Reznak,"I have three companies of freedmen.Them, and dragons,In the pit, in chains,What good are dragons that cannot be controlled?Even the Unsullied grow fearful when  they must open the doors to feed them.What, o the queens little pets?"
2845,Daenerys,Reznak,Pets?
2846,Daenerys,Reznak,"Monsters, rather."
2847,Daenerys,Reznak,   said Daenerys.
2848,Daenerys,Reznak,"Forgive me, Magnificence, I  did not Your Grace, the Yunkish got three free companies against  our two, and theres talk the Yunkishmen sent to Volantis to fetch back the Golden Company."
2849,Daenerys,Reznak,"We need them  dragons, the way I see it."
2850,Daenerys,Reznak,"I am sorry, Ben.I dare not loose the dragons."
2851,Barristan,Daenerys,"If theres no dragons in the balance, well  we  should leave before them Yunkish bastards close the trap  only first, make the slavers pay to see our  backs."
2852,Barristan,Daenerys,Sell Meereen back to them and start west  with wagons full o gold and gems and such.You want me to loot Meereen and flee?
2853,Barristan,Daenerys,"Grey Worm, are my freedmen  ready for battle?"
2854,Barristan,Daenerys,"They are not Unsul-lied, but they will not shame  you.This one will swear to that by spear and sword, Your Worship.Good.Thats good."
2855,Barristan,Jorah,I defeated the Yunkaii before.
2856,Barristan,Jorah,How?You mean to take the field?
2857,Barristan,Jorah,That would be  folly.
2858,Barristan,Daenerys,The  Yunkaii will not take this city easily.
2859,Barristan,Daenerys,I do not think we should allow them to invest us.
2860,Barristan,Daenerys,   the Shavepate said.
2861,Barristan,Daenerys,"Not large enough, begging your royal  pardon,What does Naharis have to say?If were going to make a fight o this,  we need his Stormcrows.Daario is still in the field."
2862,Daenerys,Reznak,"Ben, I will  need your Second Sons to scout our enemies.Where they are, how fast they are advancing, how many  men they have, and how they are disposed.Well need provisions.Fresh horses too.Of course.Ser Barristan will see to it."
2863,Daenerys,Reznak,"Might be we could get some o them to come over.If Your Grace  could spare a few bags o gold and gems  just to give their captains a good taste, as it were  well, who  knows?Buy them, why not?"
2864,Daenerys,Reznak,"Yes, very good."
2865,Barristan,Reznak,"Once the Second Sons  ride out, close the gates and double the watch upon the walls.It shall be done, Magnificence,What of these Astapori?"
2866,Barristan,Reznak,They are coming here for help.
2867,Barristan,Reznak,We cannot turn our  backs on them.
2868,Barristan,Daenerys,"Your Grace, I have known the bloody flux to destroy whole armies when  left to spread unchecked."
2869,Barristan,Daenerys,We cannot have the Astapori in Meereen.
2870,Barristan,Daenerys,"As you say, then."
2871,Barristan,Daenerys,Perhaps we can separate the healthy from  the sick.
2872,Barristan,Daenerys,Will you make me say it twice?Go and do as Ive commanded  you.
2873,Barristan,Daenerys,Can we make a fight of this?
2874,Barristan,Daenerys,"Men can always fight, Your Grace."
2875,Barristan,Daenerys,"Beyond these walls your only friends are the Lhazarene,  who have no taste for war.My walls are strong, though.No stronger than when we sat outside them."
2876,Barristan,Daenerys,"So are the Great Masters, both those you did not kill and the sons of those you did.I know."
2877,Barristan,Daenerys,"What do you counsel, ser?Battle,Meereen is overcrowded and full of hungry mouths, and you have  too many enemies within."
2878,Barristan,Daenerys,"Let me meet the foe as he comes  north, on ground of my own choosing.Meet the foe,with the freedmen youve called half-trained and unblooded.We were all unblooded once, Your Grace."
2879,Barristan,Daenerys,"  And if I give you the Unsullied, I will have no one but the Brazen Beasts to hold  Meereen."
2880,Chett,Jacelyn,
2881,Chett,Jacelyn,  She could not say it.
2882,Barristan,Melisandre,I need Hizdahr zo Loraq.
2883,Chett,Jacelyn,"Melony,Lot Seven."
2884,Jon,Melisandre,"What do you see, my lady?"
2885,Jon,Melisandre,"Much and more,"
2886,Devan,Melisandre,"Devan,a drink."
2887,Devan,Melisandre,"Yes, my lady."
2888,Devan,Melisandre,Thank you.
2889,Melisandre,Stannis,"Devan, more wood.What hour is it?Almost dawn, my lady."
2890,Devan,Jon,Does my lady wish to break her fast?
2891,Chett,Melisandre,"I will have nettle tea, a boiled egg, and bread with butter."
2892,Chett,Melisandre,"Tell him that I must speak with him.Rattleshirt, my lady?And quickly."
2893,Chett,Melisandre,"Lady  Melisandre, the Lord o Bones is come.Send him in."
2894,Bowen,Melisandre,"You have put aside your suit of bones,The clacking was like to drive me mad.The bones protect you,The black brothers do not love you.Devan tells  me that only yesterday you had words with some of them over supper.A few."
2895,Bowen,Melisandre,"Bowen turned red and made some choking sounds, but that was as far as it went."
2896,Bowen,Melisandre,"If some crow wants to slip a knife  between my ribs whilst Im spooning up some supper, hes welcome to try.Hobbs gruel would taste  better with a drop of blood to spice it."
2897,Chett,Melisandre,"It is their eyes that should concern you, not their knives,The glamor, aye."
2898,Chett,Jacelyn,I feel it when I sleep.
2899,Chett,Melisandre,Must I wear the bloody bones as well?The spell is made of shadow and suggestion.
2900,Chett,Melisandre,The bones are  part of that.
2901,Chett,Melisandre,"If the glamor fails, they will kill you."
2902,Chett,Melisandre,"Ive sung my songs, fought my battles, drunk summer wine, tasted the Dornishmans wife."
2903,Melisandre,Tormund,For me thats steel in hand.
2904,Melisandre,Tormund,You shall have work for your steel soon enough.
2905,Melisandre,Tormund,"And  Lord Snows rangers will return before the day is done, with their blind and bloody eyes."
2906,Melisandre,Tormund,"Cutting out the eyes, thats the Weepers work."
2907,Melisandre,Weeper,"Not for him, and not for us."
2908,Melisandre,Weeper,How well do you know the north?
2909,Melisandre,Weeper,As well as any raider.
2910,Melisandre,Weeper,"Why?The girl,A girl in grey on a dying horse.Jon Snows sister."
2911,Melisandre,Weeper,"I have seen her in my flames,  but only once.We must win the lord commanders trust, and the only way to do that is to save her.Me save her, you mean?The Lord o Bones?"
2912,Chett,Melisandre,No one ever trusted Rattleshirt but  fools.
2913,Chett,Melisandre,I would.He is not you.
2914,Chett,Melisandre,You can do what he cannot.If your stiff-necked lord commander will allow it.Did your fires show you where to find this  girl?I saw water.
2915,Chett,Melisandre,It seemed to go  on and on forever.Long Lake.What else did you see around this girl?Hills.
2916,Chett,Melisandre,"When she can  she rides along the bed of little streams, to throw hunters off her trail."
2917,Chett,Melisandre,That will make it difficult.
2918,Chett,Melisandre,Was the lake to her  east or to her west?
2919,Chett,Melisandre,"West.She is not coming up the kingsroad, then."
2920,Chett,Jacelyn,
2921,Devan,Melisandre,"Only one, then.Rangers.Dead rangers."
2922,Devan,Melisandre,Go put on your bones and wait.I will  return.I should go with you.Do not be foolish.
2923,Devan,Melisandre,Stay here until their blood has time to cool.
2924,Melisandre,Stannis,"I  waited for Hobb to pull the fresh loaves from the ovens, my lady.The breads still hot.Leave it in my chambers."
2925,Melisandre,Stannis,"Lord Snow has need of me,  beyond the Wall."
2926,Bowen,Melisandre,Who were they?
2927,Bowen,Melisandre,"Black Jack Bulwer, Hairy Hal, and Garth  Greyfeather,The ground is half-frozen."
2928,Bowen,Jon,Watching us.
2929,Bowen,Jon,"Could be a hundred of them out there,Could be a  thousand.No,They left their gifts in the black of night, then ran."
2930,Garth,Jon,"Ghost would have their scent if they were still out there.I hope the Weeper burned the bodies,Elsewise they might come looking for their heads."
2931,Bowen,Garth,"Pull down the other two,"
2932,Bowen,Melisandre,We should never have sent out rangers.This is not the time and place to pick at that wound.
2933,Bowen,Melisandre,Not now.Take the heads and burn them.
2934,Bowen,Melisandre,"My lady.Walk with me, if you would."
2935,Bowen,Melisandre,If it please the lord commander.
2936,Jon,Melisandre,"What of the other six?I have not seen them,Will you look?Of course, my lord.Weve had a raven from Ser Denys Mallister at the Shadow Tower,His  men have seen fires in the mountains on the far side of the Gorge."
2937,Denys,Jon,He thinks they are going to try to force the Bridge of Skulls again.Some may.
2938,Denys,Melisandre,"If it comes, that attack will be no more than a diversion."
2939,Melisandre,Stannis,That is where the heaviest blow will fall.Eastwatch?
2940,Selyse,Shireen,"Yes.Eastwatch,  my lord.When?"
2941,Selyse,Shireen,On the morrow.
2942,Melisandre,Shireen,"And it may be that if you act,  you may avert what I have seen entirely."
2943,Hobb,Melisandre,"Good,"
2944,Hobb,Owen,"Is it true, mlord?"
2945,Hobb,Owen,Who is it?
2946,Hobb,Owen,"Not Dywen, is  it?Nor Garth,Garths too clever for them wildlings.How many?"
2947,Jon,Mully,"Three,Black Jack, Hairy Hal, and Garth."
2948,Hobb,Jon,"Put him  to bed and get some mulled wine into him,Lord Snow,Will you come with me to the Kings Tower?I have more  to share with you."
2949,Hobb,Melisandre,"As you wish.Edd, take Ghost back to my chambers."
2950,Arya,Melisandre,"You have not asked about your sister,I told you."
2951,Chett,Jacelyn,
2952,Arya,Jon,You.Lord Snow.
2953,Jon,Melisandre,What are you doing here?Breaking my fast.Youre welcome to share.Ill not break bread with you.Your loss.
2954,Jon,Melisandre,"Hobb can do that much, at least."
2955,Jon,Melisandre,"I could visit you as easily, my lord."
2956,Jon,Melisandre,The crows would only choose someone worse.
2957,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,I heard about your  rangers.You should have sent me with them.So you could betray them to the Weeper?Are we talking about betrayals?
2958,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,"Ygritte, wasnt it?"
2959,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,I will need horses.
2960,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,"The girls more like to trust them, and they will help me carry off a certain ploy I  have in mind.What is he talking about?"
2961,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,Your sister.
2962,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,"You cannot help her, but he can."
2963,Melisandre,Rattleshirt,I think not.
2964,Arya,Melisandre,"If he tries to leave Castle Black without my leave, Ill take his head off  myself."
2965,Arya,Melisandre,"Devan, leave us,"
2966,Jon,Mance,Mance?Lord Snow.
2967,Jon,Mance,She burned you.She burned the Lord of Bones.
2968,Jon,Melisandre,What sorcery is this?Call it what you will.
2969,Mance,Melisandre,"Rhllor is Lord of Light, Jon Snow, and it is given  to his servants to weave with it, as others weave with thread."
2970,Mance,Melisandre,"I had my doubts as well, Snow, but why not let her try?It was that, or  let Stannis roast me.The bones help,The bones remember."
2971,Mance,Melisandre,"The wearers  essence does not change, only his seeming."
2972,Rattleshirt,Stannis,"Our false king has a prickly manner,"
2973,Rattleshirt,Stannis,And he owes you his very life.Me?
2974,Arya,Stannis,"Who else, my lord?"
2975,Arya,Stannis,"You wanted a  way to save your little sister and still hold fast to the honor that means so much to you, to the vows you  swore before your wooden god."
2976,Arya,Stannis,"There he stands, Lord Snow."
2977,Arya,Stannis,A gift from the Lord of Light  and me.
2978,Ramsay,Reek,"Reek,you stink. Reek had to say."
2979,Ramsay,Reek,Catch!
2980,Ramsay,Reek,"I told you to catch it,Pick it up."
2981,Ramsay,Reek,"Oh, leave him be,Just see to Blood.I rode the bastard hard.Yes, my lord.I will."
2982,Damon,Ramsay,"You smell like pigshit today, Reek,On him, thats an improvement,"
2983,Big,Walder,"You can see to my horse too, Reek.And to my little  cousins.I can see to my own horse,"
2984,Big,Reek,Who was he?
2985,Big,Walder,No one.
2986,Big,Walder,"An old man we met on the road, is all.He  was driving an old nanny goat and four kids.His lordship slew him for his goats?His lordship slew him for calling him Lord Snow."
2987,Reek,Walder,We milked the  mother and roasted up the kids.
2988,Ramsay,Wyman,"Did you find your cousins,  my lord?No."
2989,Reek,Wyman,Thats what I would  have done if I was him.
2990,Ramsay,Reek,"Hell  bed Lord Eddards little girl, they say,but were the ones wholl be fucked when the snows come, you mark my words."
2991,Ramsay,Reek,"The ones who give him good sport, anywise.The ones who weep and beg and wont run dont get to  come back as bitches."
2992,Ramsay,Reek,"Hes trained em to kill wolves as well,"
2993,Ramsay,Reek,Father.
2994,Ramsay,Reek,"Out,Now.The lot of you."
2995,Reek,Roose,"Unchain Reek and take him with you,No, leave him."
2996,Reek,Roose,You did not find our missing Freys.
2997,Ramsay,Roose,"We rode back to where Lord Lamprey claims they parted ways, but the girls could not find a  trail.You asked after them in villages and holdfasts.A waste of words.The peasants might as well be blind for all they ever see."
2998,Ramsay,Roose,Does it matter?
2999,Ramsay,Roose,Theres plenty more down at the Twins should we  ever have need of one.
3000,Ramsay,Roose,"Hosteen and Aenys are distressed.Let them go looking, if they like.Lord Wyman blames himself.To hear him tell it, he had become especially fond of Rhaegar."
3001,Reek,Roose,The fools should have stayed with Manderly.
3002,Reek,Roose,"Lord Wymans litter moves at a snails pace  and of course his  lordships health and girth do not permit him to travel more than a few hours a day, with frequent stops  for meals."
3003,Reek,Roose,Can you blame  them for riding on ahead?If thats what they did.Do you believe Manderly?
3004,Roose,Wyman,Did I give you that impression?
3005,Roose,Wyman,His lordship is most  distraught.Not so distraught that he cant eat.Lord Pig must have brought half the food in White Harbor  with him.Forty wayns full of foodstuffs.
3006,Roose,Wyman,You may have noticed.What I noticed was that he brought no hostages.I noticed that as well.What do you mean to do about it?It is a quandary.
3007,Ramsay,Roose,"Manderly is not alone in throwing feasts, it would seem.It should have been you who threw the feast, to welcome me back,and  it should have been in Barrow Hall, not this pisspot of a castle.Barrow Hall and its kitchens are not mine to dispose of,I am only a  guest there.The castle and the town belong to Lady Dustin, and she cannot abide you."
3008,Ramsay,Roose,"If I cut off her teats and feed them to my girls, will she abide me then?Will she abide me if I strip off her skin to make myself a pair of boots?Unlikely."
3009,Ramsay,Roose,"They would cost us Barrowton, House Dustin, and  the Ryswells."
3010,Barbrey,Roose,"Barbrey Dustin is my second  wifes younger sister, Rodrik Ryswells daughter, sister to Roger, Rickard, and mine own namesake,  Roose, cousin to the other Ryswells."
3011,Barbrey,Ramsay,Barrow-ton is staunch for Bolton largely because she still holds Eddard Stark to blame for her husbands  death.Staunch?
3012,Ramsay,Roose,All she does is spit on me.
3013,Ramsay,Roose,"Let her spit on that, see if it puts out the flames."
3014,Eddard,Roose,There are times you  make me wonder if you truly are my seed.
3015,Eddard,Reek,"We have powerful friends in  the Lannisters and Freys, and the grudging support of much of the north  but what do you imagine is  going to happen when one of Eddard Starks sons turns up?"
3016,Eddard,Ramsay,"Starks little wolflings are dead,"
3017,Eddard,Ramsay,"The  sooner they turn up, the sooner I kill them again."
3018,Eddard,Theon,Again?
3019,Barbrey,Ramsay,People fear you.Good.You are mistaken.
3020,Arnolf,Ramsay,Make it yours.Is this why you left Lady Dustin and your fat pig wife?So you could come down here and tell  me to be quiet?Not at all.
3021,Arnolf,Ramsay,Lord Stannis has finally left the Wall.
3022,Arnolf,Ramsay,"Is he marching on  the Dreadfort?He is not, alas."
3023,Arnolf,Stannis,"He swears that he did all he could to bait the  trap.I wonder.Scratch a Karstark and youll find a Stark.After the scratch the Young Wolf gave Lord Rickard, that may be somewhat less true than  formerly."
3024,Ramsay,Stannis,His strength is growing.Ours is greater.Now it is.Now is the time to smash him.Let me march on Deepwood.After you are wed.Im sick  of waiting.
3025,Ramsay,Reek,"Ill wed her on the  morrow, plant a son between her legs, and march before her maidens blood has dried."
3026,Ramsay,Reek,"You will plant a son in her,but not here."
3027,Ramsay,Reek,"I laid waste to Winterfell, or had you  forgotten?No, but it appears you have  the ironmen laid waste to Winterfell, and butchered all its  people.Theon Turncloak."
3028,Ramsay,Reek,"Aye, so he did, but still  a wedding in that ruin?Even ruined and broken, Winterfell remains Lady Aryas home."
3029,Ramsay,Roose,He will summon Arnolf Karstark.
3030,Ramsay,Roose,And well have him.If the gods will it.
3031,Ramsay,Roose,Youll wed at Winterfell.I shall inform the lords that  we march in three days and invite them to accompany us.You are the Warden of the North.Command them.An invitation will accomplish the same thing.
3032,Reek,Roose,You had best learn that if you ever hope to rule.
3033,Reek,Roose,"Oh, and  unchain your pet.I am taking him.Taking him?"
3034,Reek,Roose,You cannot have him.
3035,Reek,Roose,All you have I gave you.
3036,Ramsay,Reek,"Get the keys and remove those chains from him, before you make me rue the day I raped your  mother."
3037,Chett,Jacelyn,
3038,Ramsay,Reek,"Who are you?Reek, my lord."
3039,Ramsay,Reek,"Im Reek, it rhymes with sneak.It does."
3040,Ramsay,Reek,Ill let you choose  which one.
3041,Ramsay,Reek,Why?
3042,Ramsay,Reek,I never  asked for him to take me from you.  Ramsay slapped his face. he told his father.
3043,Alyn,Reek,"Can you ride?I  my lord, I  I think so.Walton, help him mount."
3044,Alyn,Reek,What would you have me call  you?
3045,Alyn,Reek,"Reek,if it please my lord.Mlord."
3046,Chett,Reek,My lord?  
3047,Chett,Reek,"If you want to sound a proper peasant, say it as if you had mud in your mouth, or were too  stupid to realize it was two words, not just one.If it please my...mlord.Better.Your stench is quite appalling.Yes, mlord.I beg your pardon, mlord.Why?"
3048,Chett,Reek,I am well aware of that.
3049,Chett,Reek,I knew the first Reek.
3050,Ramsay,Reek,"I do wonder, though  was it Ramsay who corrupted Reek, or Reek Ramsay?"
3051,Ramsay,Reek,What was he  whispering whilst he un-chained you?He  he said 
3052,Alyn,Skinner,Breathe deep.
3053,Alyn,Skinner,Youre to spy on me and keep his secrets.
3054,Alyn,Skinner,As if he had secrets.
3055,Reek,Skinner,"Can  he truly believe they are his men?His men,"
3056,Reek,Skinner,Has my bastard ever told you how I got him?
3057,Reek,Skinner,"Yes, my  mlord.You met his mother whilst out riding and were  smitten by her beauty.Smitten?"
3058,Reek,Skinner,Did he use that word?
3059,Chett,Jacelyn,This millers marriage had been performed without my leave or knowledge.
3060,Chett,Rickard,"A year later this same wench had the impudence to turn up at the Dreadfort with a squalling,  red-faced monster that she claimed was my own get."
3061,Ramsay,Reek,"A peaceful land, a  quiet people, that has always been my rule.A fine rule, mlord.The woman disobeyed me, though."
3062,Ramsay,Reek,"Does he truly  think that he can ever rule the north?He fights for you,Hes strong.Bulls are strong."
3063,Reek,Wyman,"Ramsay is ferocious, I will grant you, but he  swings that sword like a butcher hacking meat.Hes not afraid of anyone, mlord.He should be."
3064,Ramsay,Reek,"The next  time you see him, tell him that.Tell him  tell him to be afraid?"
3065,Ramsay,Reek,"Mlord, I  if I did that,  hed I know."
3066,Ramsay,Reek,His blood is bad.
3067,Ramsay,Reek,"Ramsay, though  his tainted  blood would poison even leeches, I fear.He is your only son.For the moment."
3068,Ramsay,Rickard,"A great jouster must be a great horseman first.Yes, mlord."
3069,Ramsay,Rickard,  
3070,Ramsay,Skinner,"Tell me, my lord  if the kinslayer is accursed,  what is a father to do when one son slays another?"
3071,Skinner,Walda,My lord has a new wife  to give him sons.And wont my bastard love that?
3072,Ramsay,Reek,"Walda will  grieve to see them die, though."
3073,Ramsay,Reek,"My lord, I...Mlord, remember?Mlord."
3074,Ramsay,Reek,  
3075,Ramsay,Reek,"I  I would sooner not, mlord."
3076,Ramsay,Reek,"   Lord Bolton said, quite patiently."
3077,Ramsay,Reek,Would you like that?No.
3078,Ramsay,Reek,"Would you prefer to dress in silk and velvet?There was a time when you were fond of such, I  do recall.No,No, I only want these clothes."
3079,Ramsay,Reek,"Im Reek, it rhymes with  peek."
3080,Reek,Roose,"I dont want a bath.Please, mlord, dont take my clothes.Will you let us wash them, at least?No."
3081,Reek,Roose,Please.
3082,Ramsay,Roose,As you wish.
3083,Ramsay,Roose,"I mean you no harm, you know.I owe you much and more.You do?"
3084,Ramsay,Roose,"What  what do you owe  me, mlord?The north.The Starks were done and doomed the night that you took Winterfell."
3085,Ramsay,Roose,All this is only squabbling over spoils.
3086,Reek,Rodrik,"This way, if you please."
3087,Ramsay,Reek,Who is this?
3088,Ramsay,Reek,Where is the boy?
3089,Ramsay,Reek,"Has this creature soiled himself?He has been with Ramsay.Lady Barbrey, allow me to present the rightful Lord of the Iron  Islands, Theon of House Greyjoy."
3090,Ramsay,Reek,"He is not what I expected.He is what we have.What did your bastard do to him?Removed some skin, I would imagine."
3091,Ramsay,Reek,Nothing too essential.Is he mad?He may be.Does it matter?
3092,Ramsay,Reek,"Please, mlord, mlady, theres been some mistake."
3093,Ramsay,Reek,"Im not him,  Im not the turncloak, he died at Winterfell.My name is Reek."
3094,Penny,Reek,It  rhymes with freak.
3095,Jorah,Moqorro,"We thank you for your sun that keeps us warm,We thank you for  your stars that watch over us as we sail this cold black sea."
3096,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Lord of Light, bless your slave Moqorro, and light his way in the dark places of the world,And defend your righteous slave Benerro."
3097,Penny,Tyrion,Fill his heart with fire.
3098,Penny,Tyrion,"My lady,"
3099,Penny,Tyrion,"I  I did not see you.Well, I am small.I  I was unwell "
3100,Penny,Tyrion,If I can be of help No.
3101,Benerro,Moqorro,"Hugor Hill,Have you come to  pray with me?Someone told me that the night is dark and full of terrors.What do you see in those flames?Dragons,"
3102,Daenerys,Tyrion,"Dragons old and young, true and false, bright and dark."
3103,Daenerys,Tyrion,"A small man with a big shadow, snarling in the midst of all.Snarling?An amiable fellow like me?"
3104,Daenerys,Tyrion,"Perhaps it was Penny you saw.Were  almost of a size.No, my friend."
3105,Daenerys,Tyrion,Did you see how long it will take us to reach  Meereen?You are eager to behold the worlds deliverer?
3106,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Not me,For me, it is all about the olives."
3107,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Tell me, was Selaesori Qhoran a tri-arch or a  turtle?"
3108,Moqorro,Tyrion,Neither.
3109,Moqorro,Tyrion,You of Westeros might say steward or magister.
3110,Moqorro,Tyrion,And selaesori?
3111,Moqorro,Tyrion,Imbued with a pleasant aroma.
3112,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Flowery?So Selaesori Qhoran means Stinky Steward, more or less?Fragrant Steward, rather."
3113,Jorah,Tyrion,I believe I will stay with Stinky.But I do thank you for the lesson.I am pleased to have enlightened you.Perhaps someday you will let me teach you the truth of  Rhllor as well.Someday.
3114,Penny,Tyrion,"The girl  finally poked her nose abovedecks,One look at me and she scurried right back down  below.Youre not a pretty sight.Not all of us can be as comely as you."
3115,Penny,Tyrion,It would not surprise me if the poor  creature wasnt sneaking up to jump over the side and drown herself.The poor creatures name is Penny.I know her name.
3116,Jorah,Tyrion,"By any name, she needs a friend."
3117,Jorah,Tyrion,"Befriend her, then.Marry her, for all I care."
3118,Jorah,Tyrion,"Like with like, is that your notion?Do you mean to  find a she-bear for yourself, ser?You were the one who insisted that we bring her.I said we could not abandon her in Volantis."
3119,Jorah,Tyrion,"Im the last person shes like to want as a friend.Youre both dwarfs.Yes, and so was her brother, who was killed because some drunken fools took him for me.Feeling guilty, are you?No."
3120,Jorah,Tyrion,"I have sins enough to answer for; Ill have no part of this one.I might  have nurtured some ill will toward her and her brother for the part they played the night of Joffreys  wedding, but I never wished them harm.You are a harmless creature, to be sure.Innocent as a lamb."
3121,Jorah,Tyrion,The  dwarf girl is your burden.
3122,Jorah,Tyrion,Its naught to me.
3123,Penny,Tyrion,"Oh,I thought  I did not mean to disturb mlord, I You are not disturbing me."
3124,Penny,Tyrion,"In that case, I would welcome some company.Theres little enough aboard this ship."
3125,Penny,Tyrion,Come.
3126,Penny,Tyrion,Eat.
3127,Penny,Tyrion,"The stew is almost edible.The fish is fresh, at least.No, I  I choked on a fish bone once, I cant eat fish.Have some wine, then."
3128,Penny,Tyrion,Compliments of our captain.
3129,Penny,Tyrion,It might help you sleep.
3130,Penny,Tyrion,"Thank you, mlord, but no."
3131,Chett,Tyrion,I  should not be bothering you.Do you mean to spend your whole life running away?
3132,Joffrey,Tyrion,"Youre running too.I am,but I am running to and you are running from, and theres a world of  difference there.We would never have had to run at all but for you."
3133,Joffrey,Tyrion,Are you speaking of Kings Landing or Volantis?Both.
3134,Joffrey,Tyrion,Everything.
3135,Joffrey,Tyrion,"They would have laughed at you, thats  all.They would have laughed at me,"
3136,Joffrey,Tyrion,"My brother says that is a good thing, making people laugh."
3137,Chett,Jacelyn," The tears fell then, rolling down her face."
3138,Joffrey,Tyrion,Sorry.You are sorry.
3139,Joffrey,Tyrion,We left Kings Landing that very night.
3140,Jorah,Penny,"Only when the parts were sewn back together, his head  was gone.A gift for my sweet sister.He was another dwarf.A little man, aye."
3141,Jorah,Penny,"Are you sorry about the juggler too?I never knew your juggler existed until this very moment  but yes, I am sorry he is dead.He died for you.His blood is on your hands."
3142,Jorah,Penny,"His blood is on  my sisters hands, and the hands of the brutes who killed him. Tyrion turned them over,  inspected them, coiled them into fists. "
3143,Penny,Tyrion,"But I have never killed a juggler, nor a dwarf, and I am not to blame for what happened to your  bloody brother."
3144,Penny,Tyrion,"Bad wind coming,No-Nose should get below."
3145,Chett,Tyrion,No-Nose will stay up here.
3146,Jaime,Tyrion,Hugor  Hill.If you like.
3147,Jaime,Tyrion,I am sorry to intrude on you.I will retire.No.
3148,Jaime,Tyrion,Im sorry too.
3149,Jaime,Tyrion,"It wasnt you who killed my brother or that poor old man in Tyrosh.I played a part, though not by choice.I miss him so much."
3150,Jaime,Tyrion,  
3151,Jaime,Penny,"I thought I wanted to die,but today when the storm came and I thought the ship  would sink, I  I You realized that you wanted to live after all."
3152,Jaime,Penny,"Did you truly  cook a singer in a stew?Who, me?"
3153,Jaime,Penny,I do not cook.
3154,Jaime,Penny,"What did he do, this singer?He wrote a song about me."
3155,Penny,Tyrion,It must have been a very bad song.Not really.  
3156,Penny,Tyrion,No.You do not want to hear me sing.My mother used to sing to us when we were children.
3157,Penny,Tyrion,She always sa id that  it didnt matter what your voice was like so long as you loved the song.Was she  ? a little person?
3158,Penny,Tyrion,In Oldtown they used to call him Hop-Bean.
3159,Penny,Tyrion,"Hes dead now,My mother too.Oppo  he was my last family, and now hes gone too."
3160,Penny,Tyrion,What will I do?
3161,Penny,Tyrion,"I have no trade, just the jousting show, and that needs two."
3162,Penny,Tyrion,"Find yourself some likely orphan boy,"
3163,Penny,Tyrion,It was Fathers idea to do the tilts.
3164,Osmund,Penny,"We  performed for the Sealord of Braavos once, and he laughed so hard that afterward he gave each of us a   a grand gift.Is that where my sister found you?In Braavos?Your sister?"
3165,Osmund,Penny,Queen Cersei.
3166,Osmund,Penny,"She never  it was a man who came to us, in Pentos."
3167,Osmund,Penny,"My  brother always knew what to do, where we should go next.Meereen is where were going next."
3168,Osmund,Penny,"Qarth, you mean.Were bound for Qarth, by way of New Ghis.Meereen."
3169,Osmund,Penny,"Best start eating more, so youll be nice and plump when you joust before Her Grace."
3170,Osmund,Penny,"By myself, all I can do is ride around in circles."
3171,Penny,Tyrion,"Places like that, the people have no silver, but they feed us at  their own tables, and the children follow us everywhere."
3172,Daenerys,Penny,Daenerys has a kind heart and a generous nature.
3173,Daenerys,Penny,"She will  find a place for you at her court, I dont doubt.A safe place, beyond my sisters reach."
3174,Daenerys,Penny,And you will be there too.
3175,Daenerys,Tyrion,I will.
3176,Penny,Tyrion,"Her name is Pretty,"
3177,Jorah,Tyrion,"No,the dragon flies, not the  elephants."
3178,Jorah,Tyrion,"No,"
3179,Moqorro,Tyrion,What hour is this?
3180,Moqorro,Tyrion,"That cannot be sunrise unless the east  has moved.Why is the sky red?The sky is always red above Valyria, Hugor Hill."
3181,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Are we close?Closer than the crew would like,Do you know the stories, in  your Sunset Kingdoms?I know some sailors say that any man who lays eyes upon that coast is doomed."
3182,Tyrion,Tywin,"fools quest,"
3183,Chett,Tywin,"So those are fires of the Fourteen Flames were seeing, reflected on the  clouds?Fourteen or fourteen thousand."
3184,Chett,Tywin,"We are small creatures, men.Some smaller than others."
3185,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Does our  captain mean to test the curse?Our captain would prefer to be fifty leagues farther out to sea, well away from that accursed  shore, but I have commanded him to steer the shortest course.Others seek Daenerys too."
3186,Moqorro,Tyrion,Have you seen these others in your fires?
3187,Moqorro,Tyrion,"Only their shadows,One most of all.A tall and twisted thing with one black  eye and ten long arms, sailing on a sea of blood."
3188,Chett,Nan,"You will never walk again,but you will fly."
3189,Bran,Meera,"I wore many names when I was quick, but even I once had a mother, and the name she gave  me at her breast was Brynden.I have an uncle Brynden,Hes my mothers uncle, really.Brynden Brynden, hes  called.Your uncle may have been named for me."
3190,Bran,Meera,Only the trees remember.
3191,Bran,Meera,"Most of him has gone into the tree,He has lived  beyond his mortal span, and yet he lingers."
3192,Bran,Meera,One day you will  know.What will I know?
3193,Bran,Jojen,"What do the trees remember?The secrets of the old gods,"
3194,Bran,Meera,"Truths the First Men knew, forgotten now in Winterfell  but not in the wet wild."
3195,Bran,Meera,"Earth and water, soil and stone, oaks  and elms and willows, they were here before us all and will still remain when we are gone.So will you,"
3196,Jojen,Meera,"Maybe you could be greenseers too,No, Bran."
3197,Jojen,Meera,"It is given to a few to drink of that green fountain whilst  still in mortal flesh, to hear the whisperings of the leaves and see as the trees see, as the gods see,Most are not so blessed."
3198,Jojen,Meera,My  part in this is done.
3199,Bran,Brynden,"Never fear the darkness, Bran."
3200,Bran,Brynden,The strongest trees are rooted in the dark places of the earth.
3201,Bran,Chett,Darkness will make you strong.
3202,Bran,Chett,"A wild stallion will buck and kick when  a man tries to mount him, and try to bite the hand that slips the bit between his teeth,"
3203,Chett,Jacelyn,"Choose one now, and fly."
3204,Brynden,Nan,"Someone else was in the raven,Some girl.I felt her.A woman, of those who sing the song of earth,Long dead, yet a part of her  remains, just as a part of you would remain in Summer if your boys flesh were to die upon the morrow."
3205,Brynden,Nan,"She will not harm you.Do all the birds have singers in them?All,It was the singers who taught the First Men to send messages by  raven  but in those days, the birds would speak the words.The trees remember, but men forget, and  so now they write the messages on parchment and tie them round the feet of birds who have never  shared their skin."
3206,Bran,Chett,"Only one man in a thousand is born a skinchanger,and only one skinchanger in a thousand can be a greenseer.I thought the greenseers were the wizards of the children,The singers, I mean.In a sense."
3207,Bran,Jojen,Greenseers.
3208,Bran,Jojen,"Do you like to read books, Bran?"
3209,Bran,Jojen,Some books.
3210,Bran,Jojen,"My sister Sansa likes the kissing stories, but those are  stupid.A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies,The man who never reads lives only  one."
3211,Bran,Meera,When singers die they become part of that godhood.
3212,Bran,Meera,"Theyre going to kill me?No,Jojen, youre scaring him.He is not the one who needs to be afraid."
3213,Bran,Meera,"Men should not go  wandering in this place,The river you hear is swift and black, and flows down and  down to a sunless sea."
3214,Bran,Meera,"Even my people have not explored them all,  and we have lived here for a thousand thousand of your man-years."
3215,Bran,Chett,Where are the rest of you?
3216,Bran,Chett,"Gone down into the earth,Into the stones, into the trees."
3217,Bran,Meera,"In  the world that men have made, there is no room for them, or us."
3218,Bran,Meera,"I want to come  too,"
3219,Bran,Robb,"Hodor could never  make the climb with you on his back.Im sorry, Bran."
3220,Bran,Meera,Hodor
3221,Hodor,Meera,"Hodor,Hodor, hodor, hodor."
3222,Bran,Hodor,"Hodor,"
3223,Bran,Meera,"He wants to go home,He will not even try and fight his fate.He says the  greendreams do not lie.Hes being brave,"
3224,Bran,Meera,"Hes being stupid,Id hoped that when we found your three-eyed crow  now I  wonder why we ever came."
3225,Bran,Meera,"His greendreams,His greendreams."
3226,Hodor,Meera,"Hodor,"
3227,Bran,Meera,"Dont cry,"
3228,Bran,Brynden,"It is time,"
3229,Bran,Brynden,"Time for what?For the next step.For you to go beyond skinchanging and learn what it means to be a  greenseer.The trees will teach him,"
3230,Bran,Meera,"You must eat of this,"
3231,Bran,Brynden,What is it?A paste of weirwood seeds.
3232,Bran,Brynden,"Will this make me a greenseer?Your blood makes you a greenseer,This will help awaken your gifts and  wed you to the trees."
3233,Bran,Chett,I dont feel any different.What happens next?
3234,Bran,Chett,The trees will teach you.The trees remember.
3235,Bran,Eddard,"Close your eyes,Slip your skin, as you do when you join with  Summer."
3236,Bran,Eddard,"Follow them up through the earth, to the trees upon  the hill, and tell me what you see."
3237,Bran,Eddard,"Winterfell,"
3238,Bran,Eddard,Whos there?
3239,Bran,Eddard,Tell us what you saw.
3240,Bran,Brynden,Winterfell.
3241,Bran,Brynden,"Hes not dead, hes not, I saw him, hes back at Winterfell, hes still alive.No,He is gone, boy.Do not seek to call him back from death.I saw him."
3242,Bran,Brynden,"He was cleaning Ice.You saw what you wished to see.Your heart yearns for your father and your home, so that is  what you saw.A man must know how to look before he can hope to see,Those were  shadows of days past that you saw, Bran."
3243,Bran,Brynden,"And the weirwood  a thousand human years are a moment to a weirwood, and through  such gates you and I may gaze into the past.But,he heard me.He heard a whisper on the wind, a rustling amongst the leaves."
3244,Bran,Chett,"We can learn from it, but we cannot change it.Will I see my father again?Once you have mastered your gifts, you may look where you will and see what the trees have  seen, be it yesterday or last year or a thousand ages past."
3245,Bran,Hodor,"The singers carved  eyes into their heart trees to awaken them, and those are the first eyes a new greenseer learns to use   but in time you will see well beyond the trees themselves.When?"
3246,Bran,Hodor,"In a year, or three, or ten."
3247,Bran,Hodor,We will resume on the  morrow.Hodor
3248,Bran,Eddard,"His hair was brown, with no hint of grey in it, his  head bowed.  he prayed,   "
3249,Bran,Eddard,"Father, its me."
3250,Bran,Eddard,Brandon.
3251,Arya,Bran,"You  be quiet, stupid,Its just water.Do you want Old Nan to  hear and run tell Father?"
3252,Bran,Brandon,"No,no, dont,"
3253,Jon,Nan,"Have Emmett assemble his recruits,Well want an  escort."
3254,Jon,Nan,"I want them ready to leave within the hour.Aye, mlord.And to command?That would be me."
3255,Jon,Nan,"Some might think it better if the lord  commander stayed safe and warm south of the Wall.Not that Id say such myself, but some might."
3256,Jon,Nan,Some had best not say so in my presence.
3257,Jon,Nan,"Best go down, mlord.This winds like  to push us off the Wall, and I never did learn the knack of flying."
3258,Bowen,Jon,"Hes going with you?He is.A clever wolf, him.And me?Youre not.A clever lord, you."
3259,Bowen,Jon,"I dont have the teeth for biting wildlings  anymore.If the gods are good, we wont encounter any wildlings.Ill want the grey gelding."
3260,Bowen,Jon,"My lord, I wish you would reconsider.The new men can  take their vows in the sept as easily.The sept is home to the new gods."
3261,Bowen,Jon,"You know that as well as I.Satin comes from Oldtown, and Arron and Emrick from the wester-lands.The old gods are not  their gods.I do not tell men which god to worship."
3262,Bowen,Jon,"They chose the trees instead, with all the peril that entails.The Weeping Man may still be out there, watching.The grove is no more than two hours ride, even with the snow.We should be back by  midnight.Too long.This is not wise.Unwise,"
3263,Benjen,Jon,They make us brothers.
3264,Benjen,Jon,"I promise you, we shall return.Aye, my lord,"
3265,Benjen,Jon,  
3266,Benjen,Jon,Ghost.To me.
3267,Jon,Rory,"The Wall is yours, Lord Bowen."
3268,Jon,Rory,What is it?
3269,Jon,Rory,Is someone there?
3270,Emmett,Jon,"Talk is there was some trouble at Harlots Tower  last night,Hardins Tower."
3271,Emmett,Jon,"Three drunken fools mistook Hardins for a brothel, thats all.They are in the ice  cells now, contemplating their mistake."
3272,Emmett,Jon,"Men are men, vows are words, and words are wind.You should put  guards around the women.And who will guard the guards?"
3273,Bowen,Jon,"I mean to open three more castles,Deep Lake, Sable Hall, and the Long Barrow."
3274,Bowen,Jon,"The Long Barrow will be all women, aside from the commander and chief steward."
3275,Emmett,Jon,And what poor fool will get that choice command?I am riding beside him.
3276,Emmett,Jon,"What have I done to make you hate me so, my lord?"
3277,Jon,Sigorn,"Have no fear, you wont be alone.I mean to give you Dolorous Edd as your second  and your steward.The spearwives will be so happy.You might do well to bestow a castle on the Magnar."
3278,Jon,Sigorn,I might if I could trust him.
3279,Jon,Styr,"I do not require men to kneel, but they do need to obey.Aye, mlord, but you had best do something with the Magnar.Youll have trouble with the  Thenns if you ignore them."
3280,Chett,Jon,"Not far now,"
3281,Chett,Jon,"Wildlings,In the  grove."
3282,Chett,Jon,How many?I counted nine.
3283,Chett,Jon,Fools.
3284,Chett,Jon,"Well continue on  foot,"
3285,Chett,Jon,"Rory, Pate, stay with  the horses."
3286,Chett,Jon,Spread out and form a crescent.
3287,Chett,Jon,Less chance of blood if we take them unawares.
3288,Emmett,Jon,We want no  battle here.
3289,Jon,Leathers,This is a  holy place.
3290,Jon,Leathers,"Its done,They want no fight.Well done.What did you tell him?That they were our gods too.That we came to pray.We shall."
3291,Jon,Leathers,We will have no blood shed here tonight.
3292,Jon,Melisandre,"The gods are here,This was as good a place to die as any.The Wall is only a few hours south of here,Why not seek shelter there?"
3293,Jon,Melisandre,Even Mance.
3294,Chett,Jacelyn,We heard stories.
3295,Jon,Melisandre,All those  who wish are welcome to return with us.
3296,Jon,Melisandre,"You have my word, no one will burn.A crows word,but whos to say that you can keep  it?"
3297,Emmett,Jon,"Have Rory and Pate bring up the horses.I do not mean to stay here one moment  longer than we must.As you say, mlord."
3298,Arron,Satin,"Night gathers, and now my watch begins,"
3299,Arron,Jon,It shall not end until my death.
3300,Arya,Mance,"I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children,I shall wear no crowns and win no glory.I shall live and die at  my post."
3301,Jon,Mance,"I am the sword in the darkness,I am the watcher on the walls.I am the fire that burns  against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards  the realms of men."
3302,Jon,Satin,"I pledge my life and honor to the Nights Watch, for this night and all the nights to come."
3303,Jon,Satin,Rise now as men of the Nights Watch.
3304,Emmett,Jon,"They will only slow  us, my lord,We should chop them up and burn them.No,Bring them.I have a use for them."
3305,Donal,Mag,"Might need some butter to slide  that one through the tunnel, mlord.Shall I send someone to the larder?Oh, I think hell fit.Unbuttered."
3306,Jon,Leathers,Take charge of  him.
3307,Jon,Leathers,See  that no one provokes him.Aye.
3308,Jon,Leathers,Mlord.
3309,Arnolf,Jon,"The castle is a shell,not Winterfell, but the ghost of Winterfell."
3310,Jon,Mance,"Young ones, and pretty,"
3311,Barristan,Daenerys,"Your Grace should not be here, breathing these  black humors.I am the blood of the dragon,Have you ever seen a dragon with the  flux?"
3312,Aggo,Jhogo,"Even so,I would feel better if Your Grace would return to the city."
3313,Aggo,Jhogo,"The bloody flux has been the bane of every  army since the Dawn Age.Let us distribute the food, Your Grace.On the morrow."
3314,Aggo,Jhogo,I want to see.
3315,Chett,Daenerys,"Mother,Mother, please  mother, help my sister, she is sick  give me food for my little ones   please, my old father  help him  help her  help me "
3316,Barristan,Daenerys,"I will not turn away from them,A queen must know the sufferings of her people."
3317,Aggo,Symon,"There is scarcely a horse or mule left, though  many rode from Astapor,Theyve eaten every one, Your Grace, along with  every rat and scavenger dog that they could catch.Now some have begun to eat their own dead.Man must not eat the flesh of man,It is known,They will be cursed.Theyre past cursing,"
3318,Aggo,Daenerys,"Mother  please, Mother  bless you, Mother "
3319,Aggo,Barristan,"Too many dead,They should be burned.Who will burn them?"
3320,Barristan,Jhogo,"The bloody flux is everywhere.A hundred die each  night.It is not good to touch the dead,This is known,That may be so,but this thing must be done, all the same."
3321,Aggo,Rakharo,"The Unsullied have no fear of corpses.I shall speak to Grey Worm.Your Grace,"
3322,Daenerys,Symon,"Let the Astapori bury their own dead.They are too feeble,More food might make them stronger."
3323,Daenerys,Symon,"Food should not be wasted on the dying, Your Worship.We do not have  enough to feed the living."
3324,Daenerys,Symon,"This is far  enough,Well feed them here."
3325,Brea,Daenerys,"Wait your turn,No pushing."
3326,Brea,Daenerys,Wait your turn.
3327,Brea,Daenerys,"Ser,is there no more we can do?"
3328,Aggo,Daenerys,  Let the  Yunkaii try and storm my battlements.
3329,Aggo,Daenerys,"If we were to share  our food equally  the Astapori would eat through their portion in days, and we would have that much less for  the siege."
3330,Aggo,Daenerys,The gods have sent this pestilence to humble me.So many dead  I will not have them  eating corpses.
3331,Aggo,Barristan,Ride to the gates and bring me Grey Worm and fifty of his  Unsullied.Khaleesi.The blood of your blood obeys.
3332,Aggo,Barristan,"You should not linger here overlong,  Your Grace."
3333,Daenerys,Jhogo,"We should repair back to the city.Go if you wish, ser."
3334,Daenerys,Jhogo,I will not detain any of you.
3335,Daenerys,Jhogo,"I cannot heal them, but I can show them that their Mother cares."
3336,Daenerys,Jhogo,"Khaleesi, no."
3337,Daenerys,Jhogo,You must not get any closer.
3338,Daenerys,Jhogo,Do not!
3339,Aggo,Grey Worm,His flesh is on fire.
3340,Aggo,Grey Worm,Who will help me burn  the dead?
3341,Aggo,Grey Worm,This one would be of help.
3342,Daenerys,Grey Worm,"Worship,this one and his brothers beg your leave to bathe in the salt sea when our  work here is done, that we might be purified according to the laws of our great goddess."
3343,Daenerys,Grey Worm,Who is this goddess?One of the gods of Ghis?
3344,Daenerys,Grey Worm,The goddess is called by many names.
3345,Daenerys,Missandei,This one begs your  forgiveness.As you wish.
3346,Daenerys,Missandei,Thank you for your help.These ones live to serve you.
3347,Jhiqui,Rakharo,"You are too skinny for him,You are almost a boy."
3348,Irri,Rakharo,This is known.
3349,Irri,Rakharo,It  is known that you are almost a cow.Rakharo does not bed with cows.Rakharo is blood of my blood.
3350,Irri,Jhogo,Now be quiet.I need to bathe.
3351,Irri,Qezza,"Jhiqui, help me from  these clothes, then take them away and burn them."
3352,Daenerys,Qezza,The day was very hot.
3353,Daenerys,Missandei,"This  one heard the Astapori scratching at the walls last night,"
3354,Irri,Jhiqui,"No one was scratching,Scratching  how could  they scratch?With their hands,The bricks are old and crumbling.They are trying to claw  their way into the city.This would take them many years,The walls are very thick.This is known.It is known,I dream of them as well."
3355,Daenerys,Missandei,"The camp is a good half-mile from the  city, my sweetling.No one was scratching at the walls.Your Grace knows best,Shall I wash your hair?"
3356,Daenerys,Reznak,  
3357,Daenerys,Reznak,I had almost forgotten.
3358,Daenerys,Reznak,"And after them, I am to dine with Hizdahr."
3359,Daenerys,Reznak,"Irri, bring the green tokar,  the silk one fringed with Myrish lace.That one is being repaired, Khaleesi."
3360,Daenerys,Reznak,"The blue tokar has been cleaned.Blue, then.They will be just as pleased."
3361,Daenerys,Galazza,"I have no wish to give offense, but I will  not present myself naked to Hizdahrs mother and sisters.But,"
3362,Daenerys,Galazza,"   finished Galazza Galare. said Reznak, "
3363,Drogo,Galazza,Magical.
3364,Drogo,Reznak,Hizdahr zo Loraq may inspect my womens parts after we are wed.Let his mother and his sisters examine one another and share the special  cake.
3365,Drogo,Reznak,"Nor shall I wash the noble Hizdahrs noble feet.Magnificence, you do not understand,The washing of the feet is hallowed  by tradition."
3366,Daenerys,Reznak,"The bride is dressed in dark red veils above a tokar of white silk, fringed with baby pearls."
3367,Daenerys,Galazza,"All those pearls will make me  rattle when I walk.The pearls symbolize fertility.The more pearls Your Worship wears, the more healthy children  she will bear.Why would I want a hundred children?"
3368,Daenerys,Galazza,If we should wed by  Westerosi rites The gods of Ghis would deem it no true union.
3369,Daario,Galazza,"In the eyes of the city you would be the  noble Hizdahrs concubine, not his lawful wedded wife."
3370,Daario,Daenerys,"Your Worship  must marry Hizdahr in the Temple of the Graces, with all the nobility of Meereen on hand to bear  witness to your union."
3371,Daenerys,Reznak,"As you  wish,I shall marry Hizdahr in the Temple of the Graces wrapped in a white tokar fringed  with baby pearls.Is there anything else?One more small matter, Your Worship,To celebrate your nuptials, it would be  most fitting if you would allow the fighting pits to open once again.It would be your wedding gift to  Hizdahr and to your loving people, a sign that you had embraced the ancient ways and customs of  Meereen.And most pleasing to the gods as well,"
3372,Barristan,Daenerys,"No ruler can make a people good,Baelor the Blessed prayed  and fasted and built the Seven as splendid a temple as any gods could wish for, yet he could not put an  end to war and want."
3373,Barristan,Daenerys,After the wedding  Hizdahr will be king.
3374,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I want no part of it.
3375,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"If my husband wishes me to wash his feet, he must first wash mine.I  will tell him so this evening."
3376,Daenerys,Reznak,"These rituals are empty,just the sort of thing we must sweep aside.He kissed her hand and  said, "
3377,Cleon,Hizdahr,"Yunkai will give us  peace, but for a price."
3378,Cleon,Hizdahr,"Yunkai and her allies will require an indemnity of us, to be paid in gold and gem-stones."
3379,Cleon,Hizdahr,"What else?The Yunkaii will resume slaving, as before."
3380,Cleon,Hizdahr,You will not  interfere.The Yunkaii resumed their slaving before I was two leagues from their city.
3381,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"What promises do they require?Ah, there is the thorn in the bower, my queen,Sad to say, Yunkai has  no faith in your promises.They keep plucking the same string on the harp, about some envoy that your  dragons set on fire.Only his tokar was burned,Be that as it may, they do not trust you."
3382,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"They would see us wed, and they would see me  crowned as king, to rule beside you."
3383,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Marriage or carnage.
3384,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Are those my choices?I see only one choice, Your Radiance.Let us say our vows before the gods of Ghis and make a  new Meereen together."
3385,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Your Grace,"
3386,Barristan,Hizdahr,"The Yunkishmen are on the march, just as we had feared."
3387,Barristan,Hizdahr,The queen is at her supper.These sellswords can wait.
3388,Barristan,Daenerys,"I asked Lord Daario to make his report to me, as Your Grace had  commanded.He laughed and said that he would write it out in his own blood if Your Grace would send  your little scribe to show him how to make the letters.Blood?"
3389,Barristan,Daenerys,Is that a jape?
3390,Barristan,Daenerys,"No, dont tell me, I must see him for myself."
3391,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Convene my captains and  commanders.Hizdahr, I know you will forgive me.Meereen must come first."
3392,Daenerys,Hizdahr,We will have other nights.A thousand  nights.Ser Barristan will show you out.
3393,Daario,Daenerys,"Youre hurt,This?"
3394,Daario,Daenerys,"A crossbowman tried to put a quarrel through my eye, but I  outrode it.I was hurrying home to my queen, to bask in the warmth of her smile."
3395,Daario,Daenerys,This blood is not mine.
3396,Chett,Daario,"One almost caught  me, so I threw the heart into his face.Very gallant,but do you have  tidings for Her Grace?Hard tidings, Ser Grandfather.Astapor is gone, and the slavers are coming north in strength.This is old news, and stale,Your mother said the same of your  fathers kisses,Sweet queen, I would have been here sooner, but the hills are aswarm  with Yunkish sellswords."
3397,Belwas,Daenerys,"If our captives told it true,  they will be landed beyond the Skahazadhan to cut us off from the Dothraki sea."
3398,Belwas,Daenerys,How many men were killed?
3399,Belwas,Daenerys,Of ours?
3400,Belwas,Daenerys,"We gained more than we lost, though.More turncloaks?More brave men drawn to your noble cause."
3401,Barristan,Daenerys,Theyll make good Stormcrows.If you say.
3402,Barristan,Daario,"Captain, you made mention of four free companies."
3403,Barristan,Daario,"The Windblown, the Long Lances, and the Company of the Cat.Ser Grandfather knows how to count.The Second Sons have gone over to the Yunkaii."
3404,Daario,Daenerys,Thats for Brown Ben Plumm.When next I see his ugly face I will open him  from throat to groin and rip out his black heart.
3405,Daenerys,Missandei,"Please,"
3406,Barristan,Missandei,Be quiet!I have heard enough.Your Grace.
3407,Barristan,Missandei,"We are yours to command.What would you  have us do?Continue as we planned.Gather food, as much as you can."
3408,Barristan,Reznak,"We must  close the gates and put every fighting man upon the walls.No one enters, no one leaves."
3409,Barristan,Reznak,What of  the Astapori?
3410,Chett,Jacelyn,Close the gates.
3411,Daario,Daenerys,Leave me.
3412,Daario,Daenerys,"That cut should be washed, and I have more questions for  you."
3413,Daario,Jhiqui,"Your clothes are stained with blood,Take them off.Only if you do the same."
3414,Chett,Jacelyn,
3415,Daario,Daenerys,Even my dragons seemed to trust him.
3416,Daario,Daenerys,Promise  me that you will never turn against me.
3417,Daario,Daenerys,"Promise me.Never, my love."
3418,Daario,Daenerys,"I swore that I should wed Hizdahr zo Loraq if he gave me ninety days of  peace, but now  I wanted you from the first time that I saw you, but you were a sellsword, fickle,  treacherous.You boasted that youd had a hundred women.A hundred?"
3419,Daario,Daenerys,"I lied, sweet queen."
3420,Daario,Daenerys,But never once a dragon.
3421,Daario,Daenerys,What are you waiting for?
3422,Reek,Theon,My lady.It is time.
3423,Reek,Theon,"I will be a good wife to him,  and t-true."
3424,Reek,Theon,"I will be a better wife than the real Arya could have  been, hell see."
3425,Reek,Theon,"You are the real  Arya, my lady.Arya of House Stark, Lord Eddards daughter, heir to Winterfell."
3426,Ramsay,Reek,Arya Underfoot.Your sister used to call you Arya Horseface.It was me made up that name.
3427,Ramsay,Reek,I was pretty.
3428,Ramsay,Reek,"I was never beautiful like Sansa, but they all said I was pretty.Does Lord  Ramsay think I am pretty?Yes,Hes told me so.He knows who I am, though."
3429,Ramsay,Reek,They say he likes to hurt people.My lady should not listen to such  lies.They say that he hurt you.  His mouth was dry.
3430,Ramsay,Theon,Be a good wife.Help me.
3431,Ramsay,Theon,Please.
3432,Jeyne,Theon,You were so handsome.
3433,Jeyne,Theon,"If we ran away, I could be your wife, or your   your whore  whatever you wanted.You could be my man."
3434,Jeyne,Theon,Im no  Im no ones man.
3435,Jeyne,Theon,"Just  just be Arya, be his wife.Please him, or  just please him, and stop this talk about being  someone else."
3436,Jeyne,Theon,It  is time.Wipe those tears from your eyes.
3437,Jeyne,Theon,Good.Now smile.
3438,Arya,Theon,Why me?
3439,Arya,Theon,Her father is dead and all her brothers.
3440,Arya,Theon,Her uncles are lost or  dead or captive.She has a brother still.
3441,Arya,Theon,"Jon Snow is with the  Nights Watch.A half-brother, bastard-born, and bound to the Wall."
3442,Arya,Theon,It is only fitting that you give her hand in marriage.
3443,Arya,Theon,"Serve us in this, and when Stannis is defeated we will discuss how best to restore you to  your fathers seat,"
3444,Ramsay,Theon,Who comes?
3445,Ramsay,Theon,Who comes  before the god?
3446,Ramsay,Theon,"Arya of House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown and flowered,  trueborn and noble, she comes to beg the blessings of the gods.Who comes to claim her?Me,Ramsay of House Bolton, Lord of the Hornwood, heir to the Dreadfort."
3447,Ramsay,Theon,"Who gives her?Theon of House Greyjoy, who was her fathers ward."
3448,Ramsay,Theon,"Lady Arya, will  you take this man?"
3449,Ramsay,Theon,"I take this man,"
3450,Theon,Walda,Two Hearts That Beat  as One.
3451,Reek,Theon,"Theon,"
3452,Reek,Theon,Who said that?
3453,Chett,Theon,Fair Maids of Summer.
3454,Chett,Jacelyn,"Two sisters, two daughters, one wife, and my old mother,Some dance, some sing, one plays the pipe and one the drums.Good  washerwomen too."
3455,Ramsay,Theon,"Theon Turncloak,"
3456,Arya,Roose,"In her children our two ancient houses will  become as one,and the long enmity between Stark and Bolton will be ended."
3457,Arya,Roose,"I am sorry that our good friend Stannis has  not seen fit to join us yet,as I know Ramsay had hoped to present  his head to Lady Arya as a wedding gift."
3458,Arya,Roose,"We shall give him a splendid welcome  when he arrives, a welcome worthy of true northmen.Until that day, let us eat and drink and make  merry  for winter is almost upon us, my friends, and many of us here shall not live to see the spring."
3459,Aenys,Walder,"The best pie you have ever tasted, my lords,Wash it down with  Arbor gold and savor every bite.I know I shall."
3460,Ramsay,Theon,"You do not eat,No."
3461,Ramsay,Theon,"No taste for pork pie, my lord?The best pork pie we ever tasted, our fat friend would have us  believe."
3462,Ramsay,Theon,Have you ever seen a fat man so  happy?
3463,Ramsay,Theon,Serving with his own hands.
3464,Stannis,Theon,"Give us The Night That Ended, singer,The bride will like that one, I  know.Or sing to us of brave young Danny Flint and make us weep.Hes drunk,Drowning his fears.He is craven to the bone, that one."
3465,Stannis,Theon,Ironborn will feast before a battle too.
3466,Stannis,Theon,  He must.
3467,Stannis,Theon,"And when he does, the fat man will piss himself."
3468,Roose,Theon,Under that sweaty flesh beats a  heart as craven and cringing as  well  yours.
3469,Roose,Theon,"If my lady believes Lord Manderly wants to betray us, Lord Bolton is the one to tell.You think Roose does not know?"
3470,Roose,Theon,"You and me, these Freys, Lord Manderly, his plump new wife, even his bastard, we are but his  playthings."
3471,Theon,Tywin,"Truth be told,"
3472,Roose,Theon,"Who else is there?You,There is you.The Lady of Barrowton, a Dustin by marriage, a Ryswell by  birth."
3473,Chett,Jacelyn,"The widow of  Barrowton  and yes, if I so choose, I could be an inconvenience."
3474,Luwin,Roose,"If I were queen, the first thing I would do would be to kill all those grey rats."
3475,Chett,Theon,"What good are  they, I ask you?They heal,"
3476,Chett,Theon,"They heal, yes."
3477,Chett,Jacelyn,That was how it was with Lord Rickard Stark.
3478,Chett,Jacelyn,"  She broke off as Roose Bolton rose to his feet, pale eyes shining in the torchlight.  he began, and a hush swept through the hall, so profound that Theon could hear the wind plucking at  the boards over the windows."
3479,Arnolf,Hosteen,They mean to join with Lord Stannis here and take this  castle from us.
3480,Arnolf,Hosteen,We should ride forth to meet them.Why allow them to  combine their strength?
3481,Arnolf,Theon,"The hall is  not the place for such discussions, my lords."
3482,Hot,Hother,"The rest of you, remain and enjoy the food and drink."
3483,Hother,Theon,"We  should have a song about the Rat Cook,Singer, give us a song about the Rat Cook."
3484,Alyn,Yellow,"Youre  wanted, Reek,"
3485,Damon,Dick,Ramsay says youre to bring his bride to his bed.
3486,Ramsay,Theon,"Lady Arya,Come.It is time you did your duty."
3487,Ramsay,Reek,Theres my sweet maid.
3488,Ramsay,Reek,You stay.
3489,Eddard,Theon,My lord.How  may I serve you?You gave the wench to me.
3490,Eddard,Theon,Lets have a look at Eddard Starks  little daughter.
3491,Ramsay,Theon,"Lady Arya, if you will turn your  back, I must needs unlace your gown.No."
3492,Ramsay,Theon,Laces take too long.Cut it off her.
3493,Jeyne,Theon,"Stand still, my lady."
3494,Ramsay,Reek,Stay still.
3495,Ramsay,Reek,"Her small-clothes too,"
3496,Ramsay,Theon,"What do you think of her, Reek?"
3497,Ramsay,Theon,She 
3498,Ramsay,Reek,"He could see a spiderweb of faint thin lines across her back where someone had whipped her. she is beautiful, so  so beautiful."
3499,Ramsay,Reek,"Does she make your cock hard, Reek?"
3500,Ramsay,Reek,Would you like to fuck her first?
3501,Ramsay,Reek,"The Prince of Winterfell should have that right, as  all lords did in days of old."
3502,Ramsay,Reek,"Not even a man, truth  be told."
3503,Reek,Theon,Lady Arya.
3504,Ramsay,Theon,Let us see your cunt.
3505,Ramsay,Theon,Youre dry as an old bone.
3506,Ramsay,Theon,"I was told that  youd know how to please a man.Was that a lie?N-no, my lord.I was t-trained."
3507,Ramsay,Reek,"Reek, get over here.Get her ready for me."
3508,Ramsay,Reek,"I  do you mean  mlord, I have no  I With your mouth,And be quick about it.If shes not wet by the time Im  done disrobing, I will cut off that tongue of yours and nail it to the wall."
3509,Chett,Jacelyn,
3510,Balon,Caleotte,"Place it on the pedestal,"
3511,Obara,Tyene,"Gregor rides no more,Was his dying long and hard, Ser  Balon?"
3512,Hot,Tyene,"He screamed for days, my lady,We could hear him all over the Red Keep.Does that trouble you, ser?"
3513,Gregor,Tyene,"Ser Gregor was a bloody brute, all men agree.If ever a man deserved to suffer, it was him.That is as it may be, my lady,but Ser Gregor was a knight, and a knight  should die with sword in hand."
3514,Doran,Gregor,"That is so, Ser Balon, but the Lady Nym is right."
3515,Elia,Gregor,At long last the  Lannisters have proved the truth of their boast and paid this old blood debt.
3516,Elia,Myles,"Lords and ladies,  let us all now drink to Tommen, the First of His Name, King of the Andals, the Rhoynar, and the First  Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms."
3517,Arianne,Doran,"It is  the cooks little jape, Ser Balon,Even death is not sacred to a Dornishmen.You wont be  cross with us, I pray?"
3518,Arianne,Balon,"I hope you  have enjoyed your time in Dorne.Everyone has been most hospitable, my lady."
3519,Arianne,Balon,"I have always been  fond of swans.No other bird is half so beautiful, this side of the Summer Isles.Your peacocks might dispute that,They might,but peacocks  are vain, proud creatures, strutting about in all those gaudy colors."
3520,Chett,Jacelyn,"Ser Balon, I  have read the letter that you brought me from our gracious queen."
3521,Balon,Hot,"I am, my lord."
3522,Arianne,Balon,King Tommen has been pining for his sister and would like  Princess Myrcella to return to court for a short visit.
3523,Arianne,Balon,"Oh, but we have all grown so fond of Myrcella, ser.She and  my brother Trystane have become inseparable.Prince Trystane would be welcome in Kings Landing as well,King Tommen  would wish to meet him, I am sure.His Grace has so few companions near his own age.The bonds formed in boyhood can last a man for life,When Trystane and  Myrcella wed, he and Tommen will be as brothers."
3524,Cersei,Doran,"Dorne will miss him, to be sure, but it is past time Trystane saw something of the  world beyond the walls of Sunspear.I know Kings Landing will welcome him most warmly."
3525,Cersei,Doran,"As for the other matter that Queen Cersei raises,"
3526,Balon,Doran,Perhaps if we went by sea?By ship?
3527,Balon,Doran,"That  would that be safe, my prince?  "
3528,Doran,Myrcella,Safer to return the way you came.
3529,Doran,Myrcella,Let us talk again on the morrow.
3530,Balon,Myrcella,"She misses her brother too, I do not doubt.I am eager to see her once again,And to visit your Water Gardens.Ive heard  they are very beautiful.Beautiful and peaceful,Cool breezes, sparkling water, and the laughter of  children."
3531,Daenerys,Obara,"And one  summers day when it was scorching hot, she took pity on the children of her grooms and cooks and  serving men and invited them to use the pools and fountains too, a tradition that has endured till this  day."
3532,Areo,Obara,"But now you must  excuse me, ser."
3533,Areo,Obara,"Nymeria, Tyene, come as well, and bid your old uncle a fond good  night."
3534,Caleotte,Obara,"You cannot seriously intend to send Trystane and Myrcella to Kings Landing,"
3535,Obara,Tyene,"Do that, and we will never see the girl again, and your son will  spend his life a hostage to the Iron Throne.Do you take me for a fool, Obara?"
3536,Obara,Tyene,There is much you do not know.
3537,Obara,Tyene,"If you hold your tongue, I may enlighten you."
3538,Obara,Tyene,"Slower, for the love you bear me.That last jolt sent a knife right through my knee."
3539,Obara,Tyene,"What will you do, then?"
3540,Arianne,Tyene,"What he always does,Delay, obscure, prevaricate.Oh, no one does that half so well as our brave uncle.You do him wrong,Be quiet, all of you,"
3541,Arianne,Hot,"Let me help you, Father."
3542,Arianne,Hot,I can still master mine own blanket.That much at least.
3543,Caleotte,Gregor,Shall I fetch my prince a thimble cup of milk of the poppy?
3544,Caleotte,Gregor,"I would need a bucket, with this pain."
3545,Caleotte,Gregor,"Ill have no  more need of you tonight.Very good, my prince."
3546,Gregor,Obara,Ill take that.
3547,Gregor,Obara,What did the  Mountain look like?
3548,Caleotte,Obara,"Why strip  it to the bone?Tar would have ruined the box,No  one saw the Mountain die, and no one saw his head removed."
3549,Cersei,Tyene,"What could she hope to gain?The skull is large enough, no doubt,And we know that Oberyn wounded  Gregor grievously.Every report we have had since claims that Clegane died slowly, in great pain.Just as Father intended,Sisters, truly, I know the poison Father used."
3550,Ellaria,Obara,"Doubt your little  sister if you like, but never doubt our sire."
3551,Ellaria,Obara,I never did and never shall.
3552,Ellaria,Obara,"This is a start, Ill  grant.A start?"
3553,Ellaria,Tywin,Gods forbid.
3554,Aegon,Ellaria,"Where does it  end?It ends in blood, as it began,It ends when Casterly Rock is cracked open, so  the sun can shine on the maggots and the worms within.It ends with the utter ruin of Tywin Lannister  and all his works.The man died at the hand of his own son,What more could you wish?I could wish that he died at my hand."
3555,Ellaria,Tyene,"If he had, his dying would not have been so easy.Ser Gregor does look lonely,He would like some  company, Im certain."
3556,Elia,Ellaria,Oberyn wanted vengeance for Elia.
3557,Ellaria,Obara,"I ask again, where does it end?"
3558,Ellaria,Obara,I saw your  father die.
3559,Obara,Stannis,"Will it  make me laugh, write me songs, care for me when I am old and sick?What would you have us do, my lady?"
3560,Obara,Stannis,"Shall we lay down our spears and  smile, and forget all the wrongs that have been done to us?War will come, whether we wish it or not,A boy king sits the Iron Throne."
3561,Areo,Ellaria,The time is ripe.Ripe for what?To make more skulls?
3562,Areo,Ellaria,"They will not see.I can  hear no more of this.Go back to your girls, Ellaria,I swear to you, no harm will come to them.My prince."
3563,Areo,Hot,"I know she loved our father well, but it is plain she never  understood him."
3564,Areo,Hot,"She understood more than you ever will, Nymeria."
3565,Ellaria,Obara,This war has already begun.
3566,Hot,Obara,"Aye, our sweet Arianne has seen to that."
3567,Hot,Obara,"What she  did, she did as much for you as for herself.I would not be so quick to mock.That was praise,Procrastinate, obscure, prevaricate, dissemble, and  delay all you like, Uncle, Ser Balon must still come face-to-face with Myrcella at the Water Gardens, and  when he does hes like to see shes short an ear.  "
3568,Arianne,Hot,"That wasnt how it happened, Cousin.Ser Arys was slain by Gerold Dayne."
3569,Arianne,Hot,"Darkstar?Darkstar did it,He tried to kill Princess Myrcella too.As she will tell Ser  Balon."
3570,Hot,Tyene,"That part at least is true.It is all true,"
3571,Arianne,Tyene,"And  now Ser Gerold has fled back to High Hermit-age, beyond our reach.Darkstar,Why not?"
3572,Arianne,Obara,"But will Ser Balon  believe it?He will if he hears it from Myrcella,"
3573,Balon,Obara,"She may lie today and lie tomorrow, but soon or late shell tell the  truth."
3574,Balon,Doran,"He should not be allowed to leave.We could kill him, to be sure,but then we would need to kill the rest of his party  too, even those sweet young squires."
3575,Hot,Obara,"If you were not my brothers daughters, I would send the three of you back to  your cells and keep you there until your bones were grey."
3576,Daenerys,Obara,There are lessons there if you have the wit to see them.Lessons?
3577,Daenerys,Obara,"All Ive seen are naked children.Aye,I told the story to Ser Balon, but not all of it."
3578,Hot,Oberyn,"I am not blind, nor deaf."
3579,Hot,Obara,"The question is, can  I trust his daughters to serve me in his place?"
3580,Obara,Tyene,"It is doing nothing that is hard, Uncle.Set a task for us,  any task, and you shall find us as leal and obedient as any prince could hope for.That is good to hear,"
3581,Obara,Tyene,"Will you swear to serve me, to do  as I command?If we must,Then swear it now, upon your fathers grave."
3582,Obara,Tyene,If you were not my uncle...
3583,Obara,Tyene,"Swear, or go.I swear,On my fathers grave.I swear,By Oberyn Martell, the Red Viper of Dorne, and a better man than  you.Aye,Me as well."
3584,Hot,Obara,I swear.
3585,Arianne,Doran,"Tell them, Father."
3586,Arianne,Doran,Dorne still has friends at court.
3587,Areo,Hot,"Ser Balon may even catch a quick glimpse of the Imp, though no one else will."
3588,Obara,Tyene,"Seven save us,Trystane?Why?The woman must be mad,Hes just a boy.This is monstrous,I would not have believed it, not of a Kingsguard knight.They are sworn to obey, just as my captain is,I had my doubts as well, but  you all saw how Ser Balon balked when I suggested that we go by sea.A ship would have disturbed all  the queens arrangements."
3589,Cersei,Obara,"Give me back my spear, Uncle."
3590,Cersei,Doran,We should send  her back a bag of them.
3591,Cersei,Doran,Ser Balon is a  guest beneath my roof.
3592,Oberyn,Tyene,Kings Landing is a pit of snakes.
3593,Oberyn,Tyene,"Why, Uncle, I love snakes.And what of me?"
3594,Oberyn,Tyene,Your mother was a septa.
3595,Arianne,Tyene,Try and get close to him.Why not?
3596,Arianne,Tyene,"I look so  pure.Good,good."
3597,Arianne,Tyene,"If  if certain things should come to pass, I will  send word to each of you.Things can change quickly in the game of thrones.I know you will not fail us, cousins."
3598,Arianne,Tyene,"Obara, so fierce."
3599,Arianne,Tyene,"The  sun of Dorne goes with you.Unbowed, unbent, unbroken,"
3600,Areo,Hot,"They are their fathers daughters,"
3601,Doran,Hot,"Three Oberyns, with teats."
3602,Arianne,Hot,"I still say it should be me who goes to Kings Landing, not Lady Nym,It is too dangerous."
3603,Arianne,Doran,"Soon  enough, youll have another task.That last part, about the message.Have you had tidings?"
3604,Arianne,Doran,From Lys.
3605,Daenerys,Doran,There was talk of elephants.No dragons?Elephants.
3606,Daenerys,Quentyn,"If I were her, I would keep myself and my intentions hidden as long as I could, so I  might take Kings Landing unawares.Do you think that Quentyn will be with them?He could be."
3607,Arianne,Hot,We leave  for the Water Gardens at first light.
3608,Doran,Hot,"Until the Mountain crushed my brothers skull, no Dornishmen had died in this War of the Five Kings,Tell me, Captain, is that my shame or  my glory?That is not for me to say, my prince."
3609,Jon,Mully,You gave her a blind horse?
3610,Jon,Mully,"Hes only half-blind, mlord,Elsewise hes sound enough."
3611,Jon,Mully,"The horse may be half-blind, but I am not,I know where I must go.My lady, you do not have to do this.  "
3612,Jon,Mully,It holds no ghosts for me.
3613,Jon,Stannis,"You have sufficient food?Hard bread, hard cheese, oat cakes, salt cod, salt beef, salt mutton, and a skin of sweet wine to  rinse all that salt out of my mouth.I will not die of hunger.Then its time you were away.You have my word, Lord Snow.I will return, with Tormund or without him."
3614,Jon,Stannis,Look for me on the first day of the full moon.I will.
3615,Jon,Stannis,Do I have your word that you  will keep our princess closely?
3616,Jon,Stannis,The air tastes sweet.My tongue is too numb to tell.All I can taste is cold.Cold?
3617,Jon,Stannis,No.
3618,Chett,Jacelyn,
3619,Jon,Tormund,"Tell Tormund what Ive said.He may not heed your words, but he will hear them."
3620,Jon,Tormund,"You  have my thanks, Lord Snow."
3621,Jon,Tormund,For hope.
3622,Jon,Tormund,The only thanks I  want is......Tormund Giantsbane.
3623,Jon,Tormund,"Before I go, one question.Did you kill Jarl, my lord?The Wall killed Jarl.So Id heard.But I had to be sure.You have my word.I did not kill him."
3624,Jon,Tormund,"This is farewell, then,"
3625,Arya,Jon,Only for  a time.
3626,Arya,Jon,"For the boy, if for no other reason.Crasters son?"
3627,Arya,Jon,He is no kin to me.I have heard you singing to him.I was singing to myself.Am I to blame if he listens?
3628,Arya,Jon,It makes  him laugh.
3629,Arya,Jon,He is a sweet little monster.Monster?His milk name.
3630,Arya,Jon,She sees things in her  fires.
3631,Arya,Jon,Ashes and cinders.Kings and dragons.
3632,Dalla,Stannis,"If she knew, she would have taken the boy away from us."
3633,Dalla,Stannis,A word in the kings ear would have been the end of it.
3634,Dalla,Stannis,Why let it happen if she knew?Because it suited her.
3635,Dalla,Stannis,No one knows which way a flame will go.
3636,Melisandre,Stannis,Do you  remember what my sister told you?Yes.
3637,Jon,Melisandre,Good.
3638,Jon,Melisandre,"The first night of the full moon, then."
3639,Jon,Mully,"I dont care what she says,The air is so cold it hurts to breathe.I would stop, but that would hurt worse."
3640,Jon,Mully,"This is going to end badly.You say that of everything.Aye, mlord.Usually Im right."
3641,Jon,Mully,Mlord?   
3642,Jon,Mully,"Words are wind, and the wind is always blowing at  the Wall.Come."
3643,Bowen,Jon,"Thief,Thief,"
3644,Bowen,Jon,"Othells with him, and Septon Cellador."
3645,Bowen,Jon,"Send them  in.Aye, mlord."
3646,Cellador,Jon,They have a hungry look  about them.
3647,Cellador,Jon,"Please sit,May I offer you food or drink?We broke our fast in the commons,I could do with more."
3648,Cellador,Jon,Good of you to offer.Perhaps some wine?
3649,Cellador,Jon,"Corn,Corn,  corn.Wine for the septon and a plate for our First Builder,Nothing for the  bird."
3650,Bowen,Jon,"Youre here about Val.And other matters,The men have concerns, my lord."
3651,Axell,Bowen,"As do I. Othell, how goes the work at the  Nightfort?"
3652,Axell,Selyse,Will that be possible?
3653,Axell,Selyse,Weve got most of the keep restored and put a roof back on the kitchens.
3654,Othell,Wun,Sooner if I had more  builders.I could offer you a giant.
3655,Othell,Wun,"The monster in the yard?His name is Wun Weg Wun Dar Wun, Leathers tells me."
3656,Nan,Wun,"Leathers calls him Wun Wun, and that seems to serve."
3657,Jon,Wun,"Hes a willing worker, though getting him to understand what you want is not always easy."
3658,Jon,Wun,"He could do the work of a dozen men.I  my lord, the men would never  giants eat human flesh, I think  no, my lord, I thank you,  but I do not have the men to watch over such a creature, he As you wish.We will keep the giant here."
3659,Bowen,Emmett,"Tollett is a good man, and  well liked, and Iron Emmett has been a fine master-at-arms,Yet the talk is that you mean  to send them away.We need good men at Long Barrow.Whores Hole, the men have started calling it,"
3660,Jon,Leathers,"That is an office most oft  reserved for knights, or rangers at the least.Leathers is savage,I can attest to that."
3661,Cellador,Jon,"One day  theyll find themselves in a real fight, and a certain familiarity with terror will serve them well.Hes a wildling.He was, until he said the words."
3662,Cellador,Jon,"It would not hurt them to learn a few words of the Old Tongue and something of the ways of  the free folk.Free,Corn.King.The men do not trust him."
3663,Cellador,Jon,I am sorry to hear that.Is there more?
3664,Cellador,Jon,This boy Satin.
3665,Cellador,Jon,"My lord, the boys a whore  a  dare I say  a painted catamite from the  brothels of Old-town."
3666,Cellador,Jon,What he was in Oldtown is none of our concern.
3667,Cellador,Jon,"He should be capable of  fetching me my meals and saddling my horse, dont you think?Most like,"
3668,Cellador,Jon,Does my lord believe the men  of the Nights Watch would ever follow a whore into battle?
3669,Cellador,Jon,They have followed worse.
3670,Cellador,Othell,"Whatever Satin may  have done in Oldtown, he is our brother now, and he will be my squire."
3671,Cellador,Othell,"Corn, corn, kill."
3672,Cellador,Othell,"Your lordship knows best, I am sure."
3673,Cellador,Jon,  I pray they do.
3674,Cellador,Jon,Seven save us.
3675,Cellador,Jon,"Lord  Commander, wights are monstrous, unnatural creatures."
3676,Cellador,Jon,You   you cannot mean to try to talk with them?Can they talk?
3677,Cellador,Jon,"I think not, but I cannot claim to know."
3678,Aemon,Jon,Plainly it remembered who he was and where to find him.
3679,Jon,Samwell,My lord father used to tell me that a man must know his enemies.
3680,Cellador,Samwell,We need to learn.
3681,Chett,Jacelyn,"I think this most unwise, Lord Snow."
3682,Cellador,Jon,"We could all do with a bit more wisdom, I am sure."
3683,Cellador,Jon,"Now, shall we speak of Val?It is true, then?"
3684,Cellador,Jon,You have released her.Beyond the Wall.
3685,Cellador,Stannis,The kings prize.His Grace will be most wroth to find her  gone.Val will return.
3686,Bowen,Stannis,How can you know that?
3687,Bowen,Jon,"She said she would.And if she lied?If she meets with misadventure?Why, then, you may have a chance to choose a lord commander more to your liking.Until such  time, I fear youll still need to suffer me."
3688,Bowen,Jon,"I sent her to find Tormund  Giantsbane and bring him my offer.If we may know, what offer is this?The same offer I made at Moles Town.Food and shelter and peace, if he will join his strength  to ours, fight our common enemy, help us hold the Wall."
3689,Bowen,Cellador,You mean to let him pass.
3690,Cellador,Othell,"To open the gates for him and his followers.Hundreds, thousands.If he has that many left."
3691,Chett,Jacelyn,
3692,Bowen,Mance,"Savages, raiders, rapers, more beast than man.Tormund is none of those things,"
3693,Bowen,Jon,"Winter is coming,  my lords, and when it does, we living men will need to stand together against the dead.Snow,Snow, Snow."
3694,Bowen,Jon,"We have been questioning the wildlings we brought back from the grove.Several of them told an interesting tale, of a woods witch called Mother Mole.Mother Mole?"
3695,Bowen,Jon,An unlikely name.Supposedly she made her home in a burrow beneath a hollow tree.
3696,Jon,Othell,"Mother Mole has led  them all to Hardhome, there to pray and await salvation from across the sea."
3697,Jon,Othell,"Im no ranger, but  Hardhome is an un-holy place, its said."
3698,Jon,Othell,Why would they go there?
3699,Jon,Othell,Hardhome sits on a  sheltered bay and has a natural harbor deep enough for the biggest ships afloat.
3700,Jon,Othell,"The waters teem with fish, and there are colonies of seals and sea cows close at  hand.All thats true, I dont doubt,but its not a place Id want to spend a night."
3701,Bowen,Cellador,"It is not the sort of refuge Id   chose either,but Mother Mole was heard to preach that the free folk would find salvation  where once they found damnation."
3702,Bowen,Cellador,"Salvation can be found only through the Seven.This witch has  doomed them all.And saved the Wall, mayhaps,These are enemies we speak of."
3703,Bowen,Jon,In this world I have no food to feed them.
3704,Bowen,Jon,Cotter Pykes galleys sail past Hardhome from time to  time.
3705,Cellador,Jon,Thousands.Thousands of enemies.Thousands of wildlings.
3706,Cellador,Jon,"Are you so blind, or is it that you do not wish to see?What do you  think will happen when all these enemies are dead?Dead, dead, dead.Let me tell you what will happen,The dead will rise again, in their hundreds and  their thousands.They will rise as wights, with black hands and pale blue eyes, and they will come for us."
3707,Cellador,Othell,You have my leave to  go.
3708,Bowen,Othell,"Thank you for your time, Lord Snow."
3709,Penny,Tyrion,"We have to make them laugh,We have to make them like us."
3710,Penny,Tyrion,"Please, mlord."
3711,Chett,Tyrion,"Their laughter seemed sparse and strained compared to the great gales   that had greeted Groats and Pennys antics at Joffreys wedding feast, and some hissed at him in anger.   one man shouted from the sterncastle."
3712,Jorah,Tyrion,You looked a  fool.
3713,Jorah,Tyrion,It is hard to look a hero when mounted on a pig.That must be why I stay off pigs.
3714,Jorah,Penny,It feels as though I bit through half my tongue.Next time bite harder.
3715,Jorah,Penny,"Truth be told, Ive seen worse jousters."
3716,Jorah,Penny,I fell off the bloody pig and bit my tongue.What could possibly be worse than  that?Getting a splinter through your eye and dying.
3717,Jorah,Penny,"The thing is not to joust well,  Hugor."
3718,Penny,Tyrion,The thing is to make them  laugh and throw coins.
3719,Penny,Tyrion,We  failed at that as well.No one threw coins.
3720,Penny,Tyrion,They will when we get better.
3721,Penny,Tyrion,"When we perform for Queen Daenerys the silver will rain down, youll see."
3722,Penny,Tyrion,"You see, they liked us,Shall we go again, Hugor?"
3723,Penny,Tyrion,"The widow should have put us on a galley,If someone could help me out of these bloody planks, I would be grateful.I think I  may have a splinter through my crotch."
3724,Jorah,Penny,"You might want to tell your lady to keep her door closed and barred when shes inside,Im hearing too much talk about ribs and hams and bacon.That pig is half her livelihood.A Ghiscari crew would eat the dog as well."
3725,Jorah,Tyrion,Just tell her.As you wish.
3726,Robb,Stannis,"We will need both animals if were to tilt for Queen Daenerys,"
3727,Jorah,Penny,"Is that how you hope to keep your head, Imp?Ser Imp, if you please."
3728,Daenerys,Tyrion,"But until such time I had best  keep her amused.Caper as you like, it wont wash out your crimes."
3729,Daenerys,Tyrion,She will deal with you justly.
3730,Daenerys,Tyrion,"And how will she welcome  you, this just queen?A warm embrace, a girlish titter, a headsmans axe?"
3731,Daenerys,Tyrion,Did you truly expect me to believe you were about the queens business in that  whorehouse?
3732,Jaime,Tyrion,"But why would she  oh, wait, you were spying on her."
3733,Jaime,Tyrion,You hope to buy your way back into her favor by presenting her with me.
3734,Chett,Jacelyn,
3735,Florian,Tyrion,"Did the dwarf say  something to offend you, ser?"
3736,Penny,Tyrion,"I am sick of your mouth, dwarf,You still have a few teeth left.If you want to  keep them, stay away from me for the rest of this voyage.That could be difficult.We share a cabin.You can find somewhere else to sleep."
3737,Penny,Tyrion,Just  keep out of my sight.
3738,Penny,Tyrion,"As you wish,"
3739,Penny,Tyrion,"I heard what happened.Oh, are you hurt?"
3740,Penny,Tyrion,A bit of blood and a broken tooth.
3741,Penny,Tyrion,"And him a  knight.Sad to say, I would not count on Ser Jorah should we need protection.What did you do?Oh, your lip is bleeding."
3742,Jorah,Penny,What did you say?A few truths Ser Bezoar did not care to hear.You mustnt mock him.
3743,Jorah,Shae,"Didnt your father ever tell you how to act with big  people?My father called them smallfolk,and he was not what youd call a jolly man."
3744,Jorah,Shae,"Still, I take your point."
3745,Jorah,Shae,"Perhaps you will be good enough to teach me, in between the  jousting and the pig-riding.I will, mlord."
3746,Jorah,Shae,"Why did Ser Jorah hit you so hard?Why, for love.The same reason that I stewed that singer."
3747,Penny,Shae,"Are you a maid, Penny?"
3748,Penny,Shae,Yes.
3749,Penny,Shae,  
3750,Penny,Tyrion,"Youll be happier  for it, and youre less like to find yourself in some dingy brothel on the Rhoyne with a whore who looks a  bit like your lost love."
3751,Penny,Tyrion,"Ser Jorah  dreams of rescuing his dragon queen and basking in her gratitude, but I know a thing or two about the  gratitude of kings, and Id sooner have a palace in Valyria."
3752,Penny,Tyrion,Did you feel that?The ship moved.It did.
3753,Penny,Tyrion,Were moving again. She rushed to the door.
3754,Moqorro,Penny,"A bar sinister,What does that mean?"
3755,Moqorro,Penny,It means some big bastard is creeping up behind us.
3756,Moqorro,Tyrion,"There you see it, Hugor Hill."
3757,Moqorro,Tyrion,The Lord of Light will not be  mocked.
3758,Daenerys,Tyrion,The widow said this ship would never reach her  destination.
3759,Daenerys,Moqorro,"But that isnt what your high priest saw at all, is it?No."
3760,Daenerys,Moqorro,This is what he saw.
3761,Jorah,Penny,I dont understand.What does it mean?It means we had best get below.
3762,Jorah,Penny,"Might I hide in yours  when the time comes?Yes,You would be  oh "
3763,Penny,Tyrion,The time has come to hide.
3764,Penny,Tyrion,"Im frightened,"
3765,Shae,Tyrion,"We should  play a game,That might help take our thoughts off the storm.Not cyvasse,Not cyvasse,"
3766,Shae,Tyrion,"When you  were a little girl, did you ever play come-into-my-castle?No.Can you teach me?"
3767,Penny,Tyrion,That wont 
3768,Penny,Tyrion,"That game wont do,Sorry.   "
3769,Sansa,Shae,"We cannot play  that game, my lady."
3770,Sansa,Shae,"I never meant  I never kissed a boy before, but  I only thought, what if we drown, and I   I It was sweet,"
3771,Sansa,Shae,Lady Sansa.Was she your wife?
3772,Penny,Tysha,"A lovely girl,and we were joined beneath the eyes of gods and men."
3773,Jorah,Moqorro,"Prophecy is like a half-trained mule,It looks as though it  might be useful, but the moment you trust in it, it kicks you in the head.That bloody widow knew the  ship would never reach her destination, she warned us of that, said Benerro saw it in his fires, only I took  that to mean  well, what does it matter?"
3774,Jorah,Moqorro,"What it really meant was that some  bloody big storm would turn our mast to kindling so we could drift aimlessly across the Gulf of Grief until  our food ran out and we started eating one another.Who do you suppose theyll carve up first  the  pig, the dog, or me?The noisiest, Id say."
3775,Jorah,Tyrion,"Slaves,"
3776,Penny,Tyrion,Should we joust for them again?
3777,Penny,Tyrion,"Best not,That would  only serve to remind them we have a nice plump pig."
3778,Tyrion,Tywin,"Wherever whores go,"
3779,Jorah,Penny,"A sail,"
3780,Jorah,Penny,A sail.
3781,Jorah,Roose,What ship is  that?
3782,Jorah,Roose,Can you read her name?I dont need to read her name.
3783,Jorah,Roose,I can smell her.
3784,Jorah,Roose,Thats a slaver.
3785,Jorah,Roose,"The gods of the north have unleashed their wroth on Lord Stannis,He is a stranger here, and  the old gods will not suffer him to live."
3786,Arya,Roose,"First winter I remember, the snows came over my head,Aye, but you were only three foot tall at the time,"
3787,Ramsay,Theon,"The  Dornishmans Wife,"
3788,Ramsay,Theon,"She has no  handmaids, poor thing,That leaves you, Reek.Should I put you in a dress?"
3789,Ramsay,Theon,Perhaps if you beg it of me.
3790,Ramsay,Theon,I wont have  her smelling like you.
3791,Arya,Walda,"Just be Arya,Lord Ramsay does not want  to hurt you."
3792,Jeyne,Theon,He never cut me without cause.Theon Reek.
3793,Jeyne,Theon,"In here Im  Reek.You have to remember, Arya."
3794,Chett,Theon,"All day and all night, might be even longer,"
3795,Reek,Theon,Theon Greyjoy.
3796,Reek,Theon,What do you want?
3797,Reek,Theon,"Why do you eat alone, mlord?Come, rise, join the dance."
3798,Reek,Theon,I dont dance.
3799,Reek,Theon,Leave me be.I have no coin.
3800,Reek,Theon,Do you take me for a whore?
3801,Ramsay,Theon,"What good would coin do me here?What would I buy with it, some snow?"
3802,Ramsay,Theon,"You could pay me with a smile.Ive never seen you smile, not even during your sisters wedding feast.Lady Arya is not my sister."
3803,Ramsay,Sansa,"She never was my sister.A pretty maid, though."
3804,Holly,Theon,"Leave me be,Am I not to mlords taste?"
3805,Holly,Theon,"Theyre not my sisters neither, but theyre sweet."
3806,Holly,Stannis,"If you have no smile for me, tell me how you captured Winterfell.Abel will put it in a song, and you will live forever.As a betrayer.As Theon Turncloak.Why not Theon the Clever?"
3807,Holly,Stannis,Fifty?
3808,Stannis,Theon,It was madness.Glorious madness.
3809,Stannis,Theon,Did you have some secret way?
3810,Ramsay,Theon,"You can trust me, mlord.Abel does."
3811,Ramsay,Theon,You never asked my name.Its Rowan.
3812,Ramsay,Theon,"Lord Winter has joined us with his levies,"
3813,Jeyne,Theon,"Please,I never meant Save me,Give me "
3814,Barbrey,Theon,"Those are the same clothes you wore for the wedding.Yes, my lady.They are the clothes I was given."
3815,Barbrey,Theon,You know this castle.Once.Somewhere beneath us are the crypts where the old Stark kings sit in darkness.
3816,Chett,Theon,    
3817,Chett,Theon,Do you know the way or  not?I do.
3818,Chett,Theon,"Show me.Serjeant, fetch a lantern.My lady will want a warm cloak,We will need to go outside."
3819,Bran,Theon,There.
3820,Bran,Theon,Under there.Watch for broken stones.
3821,Bran,Theon,"It is a long way down, my lady,"
3822,Bran,Theon,"Beron, the light."
3823,Reek,Theon,"The bride weeps,Our  little Lady Arya."
3824,Ramsay,Reek,"As  as you say, mlady.Roose is not pleased.Tell your bastard that."
3825,Reek,Theon,"Dressing her in grey and white serves no good if the girl is left to sob.The Freys may not care,  but the northmen  they fear the Dreadfort, but they love the Starks.Not you,Not me,"
3826,Eddard,Jeyne,Valiant Eddards precious little girl.
3827,Chett,Jacelyn,Lady Aryas sobs do us more harm than all of Lord Stanniss swords and spears. Theon broke in. observed Lady Dustin.
3828,Stannis,Theon,I have never been down there.
3829,Luwin,Theon,"So many,Do you know their names?Once  but that was a long time ago."
3830,Luwin,Theon,"The ones on this side were Kings in the  North.Torrhen was the last.The King Who Knelt.Aye, my lady.After him they were only lords.Until the Young Wolf.Where is Eddard Starks tomb?At the end.This way, my lady."
3831,Brandon,Theon,"That king is missing his sword,"
3832,Bran,Theon,"My lady, why do you hate the Starks?"
3833,Bran,Theon,For the same reason you love them.
3834,Bran,Theon,Love them?
3835,Rickon,Robb,  
3836,Chett,Robb,Why do you love the Starks?I I wanted to be one of them 
3837,Chett,Jacelyn,But come.
3838,Chett,Theon,"Lord Rickard,"
3839,Chett,Theon,He lacks a  sword as well.
3840,Chett,Theon,Someone has been down here stealing swords.Brandons is gone as well.He would hate that.
3841,Chett,Theon,Brandon loved his sword.
3842,Brandon,Theon,"A bloody sword is a beautiful thing, he told  me once.You knew him,"
3843,Brandon,Theon,"Brandon was fostered at  Barrowton with old Lord Dustin, the father of the one Id later wed, but he spent most of his time riding  the Rills."
3844,Brandon,Rickard,"The day I learned that Brandon was to marry Catelyn Tully, though  there was nothing sweet  about that pain."
3845,Catelyn,Eddard,"I was left with young Lord  Dustin, until Eddard Stark took him from me.Roberts Rebellion "
3846,Eddard,Theon,Eddard Stark returned the horse to me on his way back home to Winterfell.
3847,Eddard,Theon,I mean to feed them to my dogs.
3848,Eddard,Theon,His  his bones  ?
3849,Eddard,Ramsay,"Catelyn Tully  dispatched Lord Eddards bones north before the Red Wedding, but your iron uncle seized Moat Cailin  and closed the way."
3850,Eddard,Ramsay,"Should those bones ever emerge from the  swamps, they will get no farther than Barrowton."
3851,Eddard,Ramsay,We are done here.
3852,Chett,Jacelyn,You would do well not to repeat anything I might have said down there.
3853,Eddard,Ramsay,Hold my tongue or lose it.Roose has trained you well.
3854,Asha,Robert,"Fifteen days,Robert would have done it in ten,"
3855,Asha,Robert,"Robert would have been inside Winterfell a fortnight ago, thumbing his nose at Bolton from the  battlements.Best not mention that to Stannis,or hell have us marching nights  as well as days."
3856,Balon,Robert,"No man has ever died from bending his knee,He who kneels  may rise again, blade in hand.He who will not kneel stays dead, stiff legs and all."
3857,Cromm,Qarl,"I yield, Your Grace."
3858,Cromm,Qarl,I ask only that you spare my men.
3859,Justin,Stannis,"Though I  would sooner she was with us,The last time we went into battle without Lady Melisandre was the Blackwater,  when Lord Renlys shade came down upon us and drove half our host into the bay.The last time?"
3860,Asha,Justin,"Was this sorceress at Deepwood Motte?I did not see her.Hardly a battle,Your ironmen fought bravely, my lady, but we had  many times your numbers, and we took you unawares."
3861,Asha,Justin,And  Roose Bolton has as many men as we do.
3862,Big,Brandon,"One  hundred leagues from Deepwood Motte to Winterfell,Three hundred miles as the raven flies.A long march,Not so long as that,We  have come as far already.The Lord of Light will blaze a path for us.And when we arrive before Winterfell?"
3863,Godry,Justin,"Two walls with a moat between  them, and the inner wall a hundred feet high.Bolton will never march out to face us in the field, and we  do not have the provisions to mount a siege.Arnolf Karstark will join his strength to ours, never forget,Mors Umber as  well."
3864,Chett,Jacelyn,"  And die by the thousands, Asha thought. suggested Lord  Peasebury."
3865,Asha,Big,"How much food and fodder do you think Galbart Glover  has laid by?Your Grace, your brother...We all know what my brother would do.Robert would gallop up to the  gates of Winterfell alone, break them with his warhammer, and ride through the rubble to slay Roose  Bolton with his left hand and the Bastard with his right."
3866,Mance,Stannis,"I am not Robert.But  we will march, and we will free Winterfell  or die in the attempt."
3867,Asha,Justin,"Our foes are not as formidable as they appear,Roose Bolton is feared, but little loved."
3868,Asha,Justin,"Stannis need only bloody Bolton, and the  northmen will abandon him."
3869,Alys,Alysane,"He wants you,"
3870,Asha,Stannis,"He wants my lands,He wants the Iron Islands."
3871,Asha,Bran,"Rhllor, send your light to lead us through this gloom,"
3872,Godry,Stannis,"Oh, Lord of Light, we beseech you, cast your fiery eye upon us and keep us safe  and warm,for the night is dark and full of terrors."
3873,Asha,Justin,"Let me have a horse,I  am going mad in these chains."
3874,Asha,Justin,"You have my word on that.Would that I could, my lady.You are the kings captive, not mine own.Your king will not take a womans word."
3875,Asha,Justin,"Why should we trust the word of any ironman after what your brother  did at Winterfell?I am not Theon,"
3876,Asha,Justin,Did you bring my baby boy?
3877,Asha,Theon,"Theon  could not come,"
3878,Alys,Asha,Do you have brothers?
3879,Alys,Alysane,"Sisters,Five, we were."
3880,Alys,Alysane,Dacey was murdered.The Red Wedding.Aye.
3881,Alysane,Asha,I have a son.
3882,Alysane,Asha,My daughters nine.You started young.Too young.But better that than wait too late.
3883,Alys,Alysane,You are wed.No.
3884,Alysane,Asha,Mormont women are skinchangers.
3885,Alysane,Asha,Everyone knows.
3886,Alysane,Asha,Mormont women are all fighters too.
3887,Alysane,Asha,What we are is what you made us.On Bear Island every child  learns to fear krakens rising from the sea.
3888,Asha,Stannis,Sire.
3889,Asha,Stannis,"Strike these chains from my wrists, I beg you."
3890,Asha,Stannis,I will attempt no escape.
3891,Asha,Stannis,"You  earned those irons.I did.Now I offer you my men, my ships, my wits.Your ships are mine, or burnt."
3892,Asha,Stannis,Twelve?
3893,Justin,Stannis,Dagmer Cleftjaw holds Torrhens  Square.
3894,Justin,Stannis,"I can deliver that castle to you, and its  garrison as well."
3895,Justin,Stannis,"Torrhens Square is not worth the mud beneath my heels.It is Winterfell that matters.Strike off these irons and let me help you take it, Sire."
3896,Justin,Stannis,Make me your man.The gods did not make you a man.How can I?
3897,Asha,Justin,"That was ill  judged, my lady,Never speak to him of Robert."
3898,Galbart,Justin,"Would that we were ravens,"
3899,Godry,Penny,"The gods of the north have unleashed this storm  on us,False gods,Rhllor is with us,Melisandre is not,"
3900,Asha,Justin,"The storm must break soon,"
3901,Godry,Penny,"Lord of Light,  preserve us from this evil,Show us  your bright sun again, still these winds, and melt these snows, that we may reach your foes and smite  them."
3902,Godry,Penny,"Rhllor,  fill us with your fire."
3903,Asha,Big,"This is no winter,Up in the hills we  say that autumn kisses you, but winter fucks you hard.This is only autumns kiss."
3904,Justin,Stannis,What is a knight without a  horse?
3905,Justin,Stannis,A snowman with a sword.
3906,Clayton,Justin,"A sacrifice will prove our  faith still burns true, Sire,"
3907,Godry,Stannis,"We must give him an  unbeliever.Half my army is made up of unbelievers,I will have no burnings.Pray  harder."
3908,Asha,Justin,"One man dead, three missing.Six horses lost, one of them mine own.Two dead men, one a knight."
3909,Asha,Justin,"Destriers, and one palfrey."
3910,Justin,Stannis,"The horses founder in the snow,Men wander off or just sit down to die.Let them,We press on."
3911,Asha,Justin,"I have no  mount to give you, my lady,and if we tried to ride double, it would be the end of my horse as  well."
3912,Asha,Penny,"Branch swears we are only three days from Winterfell,If we leave the weakest men behind,The weakest men are beyond  saving,Those still strong enough must reach Winterfell or die as well.The Lord of Light will deliver us the castle,If Lady Melisandre were  with us...This march was madness."
3913,Asha,Godry,"Some girl?Eddards girl,"
3914,Asha,Big,"Eddards girl,And we should have had her and the castle both if you  prancing southron jackanapes didnt piss your satin breeches at a little snow.A little snow?"
3915,Asha,Big,"Your ill counsel forced this  march upon us, Wull."
3916,Big,Penny,Did he send you to us to whisper poison in the kings ear?
3917,Big,Penny,"Lord Pea Pod.If you were a man, I would kill you for that, but my  sword is made of too fine a steel to besmirch with cravens blood."
3918,Big,Penny,"Aye, men are dying."
3919,Big,Penny,As it has always been.
3920,Big,Penny,"Do you want to die, Wull?"
3921,Eddard,Penny,I want to live forever in a land where summer lasts a  thousand years.
3922,Eddard,Penny,"Winter is almost upon us, boy."
3923,Asha,Eddard,I want to lick it off my lips and die with the taste of it on my tongue.Aye!
3924,Asha,Eddard,Blood and battle!
3925,Asha,Stannis,"There are fish in those lakes,Well cut holes in the ice.The northmen  know how its done."
3926,Asha,Stannis,"Fish, then,But we march at  first light."
3927,Daario,Daenerys,"A warrior who cannot sleep soon has no strength to fight,"
3928,Daario,Daenerys,"If the ones I killed come bother me, I will kill them all  again."
3929,Daario,Daenerys,Daenerys.
3930,Daario,Drogo,Is it dawn?Not yet.We have a while still.Liar.
3931,Daario,Drogo,Could I do that if it were the black of night?
3932,Daario,Drogo,"The half-light.Day will be here soon.I do not want this night to end.No?And why is that, my queen?You know.The wedding?"
3933,Daario,Drogo,Marry me instead.You know I cannot do that.You are a queen.You can do what you like.
3934,Daenerys,Drogo,How many nights  remain to us?
3935,Daenerys,Drogo,"You know as well as I.This night and the next, and we must end this.Marry me, and we can have all the nights forever."
3936,Barristan,Daenerys,"We  cannot wed, my love.You know why."
3937,Daario,Daenerys,"Marry Hizdahr, then."
3938,Daario,Daenerys,"They make them from their own hair, with  combs and wax and irons."
3939,Daario,Daenerys,Once I am wed it will be high treason to desire me.
3940,Daario,Daenerys,Then I must be a traitor.
3941,Daario,Daenerys,"I smell of you,"
3942,Daario,Daenerys,"You are beautiful,"
3943,Daario,Daenerys,Not beautiful enough to marry.
3944,Daario,Daenerys,"Where are you going?Out into your city,"
3945,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Might be I should seek out your betrothed.
3946,Daenerys,Hizdahr,You will leave Hizdahr be!As my queen commands.Will you hold court today?No.
3947,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"These  are his people.Some are his, some are yours.The ones you freed.Are you chiding me?The ones you call your children.They want their mother.You are.You are chiding me.Only a little, bright heart.Will you come hold court?After my wedding, perhaps.After the peace.This after that you speak of never comes."
3948,Daario,Daenerys,The Frog has a gift for  you.The Frog?
3949,Daario,Daenerys,And who is he?
3950,Daario,Daenerys,Some Dornish boy.
3951,Daario,Daenerys,"I told him he  could give his gift to me and Id deliver it, but he wouldnt have it.Oh, a clever frog.Give the gift to me. "
3952,Daario,Daenerys,Would I have ever  seen it?
3953,Daario,Daenerys,"Would I steal from my sweet queen?If it were a gift  worthy of you, I would have put it into your soft hands myself.As a token of your love?As to that I will not say, but I told him that he could give it to you.You would not make a liar of  Daario Naharis?"
3954,Daario,Daenerys,As you wish.
3955,Barristan,Daenerys,The Westerosi.
3956,Barristan,Daario,As my queen commands.
3957,Daenerys,Missandei,Your Grace?
3958,Daenerys,Missandei,In the black of night this one heard you scream.
3959,Daario,Hizdahr,It was the wind that you heard screaming.
3960,Chett,Jacelyn,"It was just a dream, my queen."
3961,Daenerys,Missandei,"I promised Daario that I would hold court today,Help me find my crown.Oh, and some clothes to wear, something light and cool."
3962,Missandei,Reznak,"All kneel for Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of  Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Khaleesi of Great Grass Sea, Breaker  of Shackles and Mother of Dragons,"
3963,Missandei,Reznak,"Magnificence, every day you grow more beautiful."
3964,Daenerys,Reznak,"Oh, my shining queen!"
3965,Daenerys,Reznak,Summon the first petitioner.
3966,Daenerys,Galazza,"Your Radiance, it might be best were we to speak in private.Would that I had the time,I am to be wed upon the morrow."
3967,Daenerys,Galazza,What would you have of me?I would speak to you about the presumption of a certain sellsword captain.
3968,Daenerys,Jhiqui,"The treachery of Brown  Ben Plumm has shocked us all,but your warning comes too late."
3969,Daenerys,Jhiqui,I shall pray for you as well.
3970,Daario,Daenerys,"Pretty Meris,"
3971,Belwas,Dick,"He bit off half his  tongue in his first battle,"
3972,Belwas,Dick,"If it please Your Grace,these three are  Greenguts, Gerrold, and Frog."
3973,Daario,Daenerys,"You may rise,Daario tells me you come to us from Dorne."
3974,Daario,Daenerys,"You  must have faced many perils to reach me.Too many,We were six when we  left Dorne, Your Grace.I am sorry for your losses."
3975,Daario,Daenerys,"Greenguts is a queer  sort of name.A jape, Your Grace."
3976,Daario,Daenerys,"Heaving and   well, I shouldnt say."
3977,Daario,Daenerys,"I think that I can guess, ser."
3978,Daario,Daenerys,"Daario tells me that you are a  knight.If it please Your Grace, we are all three knights."
3979,Barristan,Daario,"I have need of  knights,"
3980,Barristan,Daario,"Knighthood is easily claimed this far from Westeros.Are you prepared to defend that boast with sword or lance?If need be,though I will not claim that any of us is the equal of Barristan the  Bold. said Daenerys, Tell me  your true names, then.Gladly  but if we may beg the queens indulgence, is there some place with fewer eyes and  ears?"
3981,Arstan,Barristan,"As you wish.Skahaz, clear my court."
3982,Daario,Daenerys,"Now,your names."
3983,Daario,Daenerys,"Ser Gerris Drinkwater, Your Grace.My sword is yours."
3984,Daario,Daenerys,"And my warhammer.Im Ser Archibald  Yronwood.And you, ser?"
3985,Daario,Daenerys,"If it please Your Grace, may I first present my gift?If you wish,Give this gift to me."
3986,Barristan,Daario,This is your gift?A scrap of writing?
3987,Barristan,Daenerys,"Very pretty, all the gold and ribbons, but I  do not read your Westerosi scratchings.Bring it to the queen,Now."
3988,Barristan,Daenerys,"I am only a young girl, and young girls must have their  gifts,Daario, please, you must not tease me.Give it here."
3989,Barristan,Willem,"May we know what it says, Your Grace?"
3990,Barristan,Willem,"It is a secret pact,"
3991,Barristan,Willem,"Prince Oberyn  Martell signed for Dorne, with the Sealord of Braavos as witness."
3992,Barristan,Daenerys,"The alliance is to be sealed by a marriage, it says.In return for  Dornes help overthrowing the Usurper, my brother Viserys is to take Prince Dorans daughter Arianne  for his queen."
3993,Barristan,Daenerys,"If Robert had known of this, he would have smashed  Sunspear as he once smashed Pyke, and claimed the heads of Prince Doran and the Red Viper  and like  as not, the head of this Dornish princess too.No doubt that was why Prince Doran chose to keep the pact a secret,If  my brother Viserys had known that he had a Dornish princess waiting for him, he would have crossed to  Sunspear as soon as he was old enough to wed.And thereby brought Roberts warhammer down upon himself, and Dorne as well,My father was content to wait for the day that Prince Viserys found his army.Your father?Prince Doran."
3994,Daenerys,Skahaz,"Your Grace, I have the honor to be Quentyn  Martell, a prince of Dorne and your most leal subject."
3995,Daenerys,Skahaz,Radiance?
3996,Daenerys,Skahaz,"Why do you laugh?They call him frog,and we have just learned why."
3997,Daario,Skahaz,"Tell me, Prince Quentyn, are you  enchanted?No, Your Grace.I feared as much."
3998,Daario,Gerris,"You have come for a kiss, however."
3999,Daario,Gerris,"Instead of Viserys and your sister,  you and I must seal this pact if I want Dorne.My father hoped that you might find me acceptable."
4000,Daario,Gerris,I say you are a pup.
4001,Daario,Gerris,"When you lick your lips, do you still  taste your mothers milk?"
4002,Daario,Gerris,"Mind your tongue, sellsword.You are speaking to  a prince of Dorne.And to his wet nurse, I am thinking."
4003,Reznak,Skahaz,"This boy might serve for Dorne, but Meereen needs a  king of Ghiscari blood.I know of this Dorne,Dorne is sand and scorpions, and bleak red  mountains baking in the sun."
4004,Daario,Quentyn,"Dorne is fifty thousand spears and swords, pledged to our  queens service.Fifty thousand?"
4005,Daario,Daenerys,"I count three.Enough,Prince Quentyn has crossed half the world to offer me his gift, I will  not have him treated with discourtesy."
4006,Daenerys,Gerris,"Would that you had come a  year ago.I am pledged to wed the noble Hizdahr zo Loraq.It is not too late...I will be the judge of that,Reznak, see that the prince and his companions are  given quarters suitable to their high birth, and that their wants are attended to.As you wish, Your Radiance."
4007,Barristan,Daario,Then we are done for now.
4008,Barristan,Daenerys,"This changes  everything,This changes nothing,What good are three men?Three knights,Three liars,They deceived me.And bought you too, I do not doubt."
4009,Daario,Hizdahr,"Ser Barristan, what are the arms of House Martell?A sun in splendor, transfixed by a spear."
4010,Daario,Hizdahr,Shadows and whispers.
4011,Daario,Hizdahr,Beware  the perfumed seneschal.
4012,Daario,Doreah,Dreams and prophecies.
4013,Daario,Doreah,Tomorrow is my wedding day.
4014,Daario,Daenerys,Where are you going?
4015,Daario,Daenerys,"I  forbid you to make a sortie today.My queen is cruel,If I cannot slay your foes, how shall I amuse myself whilst  you are being wed?By nightfall I shall have no foes.It is only dawn, sweet queen."
4016,Daario,Daenerys,"I will bring you  back the head of Brown Ben Plumm for a wedding gift.No heads,Once you brought me flowers.Let Hizdahr bring you flowers."
4017,Daario,Daenerys,Do I have your leave to go?No.
4018,Daario,Hizdahr,Come back to bed and  kiss me.
4019,Daario,Hizdahr,"I am your queen, and I command you to fuck  me."
4020,Daario,Hizdahr,Fucking queens is kings  work.
4021,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Or perhaps you can  call the Dornish boy into your bed, and his pretty friend as well, why not?"
4022,Daenerys,Missandei,"Your Grace needs more than wine to break her fast.You are such a tiny thing, and  you will surely need your strength today."
4023,Daario,Daenerys,It is not  too late to tell them that you have decided not to wed.Hizdahrs blood is ancient and noble.
4024,Daario,Missandei,"When we become as one, so will our city.Your Grace does not love the noble Hizdahr.This one thinks you would sooner have another for  your husband."
4025,Daario,Missandei,"A queen loves where she must, not where she will."
4026,Daario,Missandei,"Take this food away,It is time I bathed."
4027,Daenerys,Drogo,"Help me wind this round myself, please.I cannot  manage all these pearls by myself."
4028,Hizdahr,Missandei,Reznak and Skahaz beg the honor of escorting  Your Grace to the Temple of the Graces.Reznak has ordered your palanquin made ready.
4029,Daenerys,Missandei,"Horses befoul the streets,slaves do not."
4030,Daenerys,Reznak,"The day is too hot to be shut up in a palanquin,Have my silver saddled.I would  not go to my lord husband upon the backs of bearers.Your Grace,this one is so sorry, but you cannot ride in a tokar."
4031,Daenerys,Reznak,As you say.
4032,Daenerys,Reznak,Have them ready a sedan chair.
4033,Reznak,Skahaz,"Your Worship shines  so brightly, you will blind every man who dares to look upon you,"
4034,Hizdahr,Reznak,"Hizdahr zo Loraq is most fortunate in you  and you in  him, if I may be so bold as to say.This match will save our city, you will see.So we pray.I want to plant my olive trees and see them fruit."
4035,Hizdahr,Reznak,The crowds will be thick as flies today.
4036,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Should I be afraid of flies?Your Brazen Beasts will keep me safe from any harm.
4037,Barristan,Daenerys,"Your Grace, I must entreat you."
4038,Daenerys,Hizdahr,   Daenerys said.
4039,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Rise, my prince, and smile."
4040,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Westeros may be swallowed by the waves.
4041,Barristan,Daenerys,Come.
4042,Belwas,Daenerys,"Tell me,if my father  and my mother had been free to follow their own hearts, whom would they have wed?It was long ago.Your Grace would not know them.You know, though.Tell me."
4043,Belwas,Daenerys,The queen your mother was always mindful of her duty.
4044,Barristan,Daario,"As a girl, though  she was  once smitten with a young knight from the stormlands who wore her favor at a tourney and named her  queen of love and beauty.A brief thing.What happened to this knight?He put away his lance the day your lady mother wed your father."
4045,Barristan,Daario,A landed knight is no fit consort for a princess of royal blood.
4046,Barristan,Daario,And my father?Was there some woman he loved better than his queen?
4047,Barristan,Daario,Not  not loved.  
4048,Barristan,Tywin,The good and   the rest.As you command.
4049,Barristan,Tywin,"Prince Aerys  as a youth, he  was taken with a certain lady of Casterly Rock, a cousin of Tywin Lannister."
4050,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"A drunken jape, no more, but Tywin Lannister was  not a man to forget such words, or the  the liberties your father took during the bedding."
4051,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I have said too much, Your Grace.  "
4052,Jon,Selyse,Your Grace.Castle Black  welcomes you and yours.
4053,Jon,Selyse,My thanks.Please escort me to your lord commander.My brothers chose me for that honor.I am Jon Snow.You? Queen Selyses face was pinched and pale.
4054,Jon,Shireen,"This is my daughter, Shireen.Princess."
4055,Jon,Shireen,"My brothers and I are at your  service,"
4056,Axell,Shireen,"Thank you, my lord.I believe you are acquainted with my kinsman, Ser Axell Florent?"
4057,Axell,Shireen,Only by raven.
4058,Axell,Selyse,Ser Axell.Lord Snow.
4059,Axell,Selyse,"My loyal knights,Ser Narbert, Ser Benethon, Ser Brus, Ser Patrek, Ser  Dorden, Ser Malegorn, Ser Lambert, Ser Perkin."
4060,Cotter,Jon,"And here we have the  honorable Tycho Nestoris, an emissary of the Iron Bank of Braavos, come to treat with His Grace King  Stannis."
4061,Cotter,Jon,Lord Commander.I thank you and your  brothers for your hospitality.
4062,Cotter,Jon,"I hope we shall not inconvenience you too greatly.Not at all, my lord.You are most welcome."
4063,Bowen,Jon,The royal chambers in the Kings Tower have been prepared for  Your Grace for so long as you wish to remain with us.
4064,Bowen,Jon,He will  find quarters for your men.How kind of you to make room for us.
4065,Bowen,Jon,We will not be  with you long.
4066,Jon,Selyse,"The journey from Eastwatch was wearisome.As you say, Your Grace,You will be cold and hungry, I am sure.A hot meal awaits  you in our common room.Very good."
4067,Jon,Selyse,"First, though, we wish to consult with the Lady  Melisandre.Of course, Your Grace."
4068,Axell,Selyse,"This way, if you will?"
4069,Axell,Selyse,"Your Grace,"
4070,Cotter,Selyse,You might be more comfortable back at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
4071,Cotter,Selyse,We are done with Eastwatch.
4072,Cotter,Selyse,"We found your Cotter Pyke to be an uncouth and unpleasant man,  quarrelsome and niggardly."
4073,Cotter,Selyse,"I am sorry for that, but I fear Your Grace will find  conditions at the Nightfort even less to your liking."
4074,Cotter,Shireen,  
4075,Cotter,Shireen,This is the kings  true heir.
4076,Jon,Shireen,oh!
4077,Jon,Shireen,"Seven save  us,Dont be afraid,Theres no harm in him, Your Grace.This is Wun Wun.Wun Weg Wun Dar Wun."
4078,Leathers,Shireen,Kneel queen.Little queen.
4079,Jon,Shireen,Hes a giant!
4080,Jon,Shireen,"But why does he talk so funny?He only knows a few words of the Common Tongue as yet,In their own land, giants  speak the Old Tongue.Can I touch him?Best not,Look at him.A filthy creature."
4081,Axell,Jon,"Lord Snow, what is this bestial creature doing on our side of the Wall?Wun Wun is a guest of the Nights Watch, as you are."
4082,Narbert,Ygritte,I had been told all the giants were dead.Almost all.
4083,Patchface,Ygritte,In the dark the dead are dancing.
4084,Patchface,Ygritte,"I know, I know, oh oh oh."
4085,Shireen,Wun,"Oh no, oh no, oh no."
4086,Jon,Leathers,You do not want to  anger him.
4087,Jon,Leathers,"Leathers, take Wun Wun back to Hardins.Eat now, Wun Wun?"
4088,Jon,Leathers,"Eat now,Ill send out  a bushel of vegetables for him and meat for you."
4089,Leathers,Wun,"I will, mlord, but Hardins is bone cold.Perhaps mlord could send out some  wine to warm us?For you.Not him."
4090,Jon,Wun,My lord father used  to say a man should never draw his sword unless he means to use it.Using it was my intent.
4091,Jon,Patrek,I had been given to  understand that the Nights Watch defended the realm against such monsters.No one mentioned  keeping them as pets.
4092,Jon,Patrek,"You are  ?Ser Patrek of Kings Mountain, if it please my lord.I do not know how you observe guest right on your mountain, ser."
4093,Jon,Patrek,Wun Wun is a guest here.
4094,Jon,Patrek,"Tell me, Lord Commander, should the Others turn up, do you plan to offer  hospitality to them as well?"
4095,Jon,Patrek,"Your Grace, that is the Kings Tower there,  if I am not mistaken.If I may have the honor?As you wish."
4096,Jon,Patrek,"Lord Tycho,A  moment, please."
4097,Jon,Patrek,"No lord I.Only a simple servant of the Iron Bank of Braavos.Cotter Pyke informs me that you came to Eastwatch with three ships.A galleas, a galley, and a  cog.Just so, my lord."
4098,Jon,Patrek,"The Iron Bank is always prudent in such matters.Perhaps before you leave we might have a quiet word?I am at your service, Lord Commander."
4099,Jon,Satin,"Will that suit?As good as any.Shall we repair to my solar, or would you like to see the top of the Wall?"
4100,Jon,Satin,"I fear it will be  bitter cold up top.That, and windy."
4101,Jon,Satin,"You may never have another chance to see it.No doubt I shall rue my caution upon my deathbed, but after a long day in the saddle, a warm  room sounds preferable to me.My solar, then.Satin, some mulled wine, if you would."
4102,Jon,Selyse,Corn!
4103,Jon,Selyse,"You come seeking Stannis, is that correct?It is, my lord."
4104,Robert,Selyse,The matter that I mean to put to  him is too delicate to entrust to letters.A debt.
4105,Robert,Selyse,His own debt?Or his brothers?
4106,Robert,Selyse,It would not be proper for me to discuss Lord Stanniss  indebtedness or lack of same.
4107,Robert,Tommen,"Now, however, the Iron Throne has ceased all  repayment."
4108,Robert,Tommen,"You cannot mean to hold Stannis responsible for his  brothers debts.The debts belong to the Iron Throne,"
4109,Jon,Stannis,"Should he prove himself more worthy of our trust, it would of course be  our great pleasure to lend him whatever help he needs.Help,Help, help, help."
4110,Jon,Tycho,"When last we heard, His Grace was marching on Winterfell to confront Lord Bolton and his  allies."
4111,Jon,Tycho,You could find yourself caught up in  his war.
4112,Jon,Tycho,We who serve the Iron Bank face death full as often as you who serve  the Iron Throne.
4113,Jon,Tycho,"I can provide you with horses,  provisions, guides, whatever is required to get you as far as Deepwood Motte.From there you will need  to make your own way to Stannis."
4114,Jon,Tycho,"There will be a price.Price,Price, price.There is always a price, is there not?"
4115,Stannis,Tycho,"What does the Watch require?Your ships, for a start.With their crews.All three?How will I return to Braavos?I only need them for a single voyage.A hazardous voyage, I assume.For a start, you said?We need a loan as well."
4116,Stannis,Tycho,To buy food and hire ships to  bring it to us.Spring?
4117,Stannis,Tycho,"It is not possible, my lord."
4118,Jon,Nestor,"Our respite was a brief one, it would seem."
4119,Jon,Nestor,"Winter is nigh upon us.The day I left Braavos, there was ice on the canals.Three of my men passed through Braavos not long ago,An old maester, a  singer, and a young steward."
4120,Jon,Nestor,"I do not  suppose you chanced to encounter them?I fear not, my lord."
4121,Jon,Nestor,"If you wish, I can make inquiries  after them when I return home.No need.By now they should be safe in Oldtown.Let us hope so.The narrow sea is perilous this time of year, and of late there have been  troubling reports of strange ships seen amongst the Step-stones.Salladhor Saan?The Lysene pirate?"
4122,Jon,Satin,"No, these other  sails  from farther east, perhaps  one hears queer talk of dragons.Would that we had one here.A dragon might warm things up a bit.My lord jests."
4123,Jon,Satin,We do not jape of dragons.
4124,Jon,Satin,"My apologies, Lord Tycho.None is required, Lord Commander."
4125,Jon,Satin,Will you be so good as to point me to your feast hall?I will take you there myself.
4126,Jon,Satin,This way.
4127,Axell,Jon,"Nestoris,and the lord commander."
4128,Jon,Tormund,"Lord Snow, if I may ask  this wildling princess His Grace King  Stannis wrote of  where might she be, my lord?"
4129,Axell,Tormund,"Val is the younger sister of Dalla, who was Mance Rayders wife and mother to his son.King Stannis took Val and the child captive after Dalla died in childbed, but she is no princess, not as you  mean it."
4130,Axell,Tormund,"Whatever she may be, at Eastwatch men claimed the wench was fair."
4131,Axell,Tormund,"If it please the lord commander, bring her out, let us have a look.She is not a horse to be paraded for inspection, ser.I promise not to count her teeth."
4132,Axell,Jon,"Oh, never fear, Ill treat her with all the  courtesy she is due."
4133,Axell,Jon,"Forgive me, ser, but Val will not be  joining us.Ill go to her.Where do you keep the wench?"
4134,Axell,Jon,"Somewhere safe.Enough, ser."
4135,Chett,Jon,"My lord, have you forgotten who I am?"
4136,Chett,Jon,Must I speak to the queen?A word from Her Grace and I can have this wildling girl  delivered naked to the hall for our inspection.
4137,Chett,Jon,"The queen would never presume upon our  hospitality,Now I fear I must take my leave, before I forget the duties  of a host.Lord Tycho, pray excuse me.Yes, of course,A pleasure."
4138,Jon,Mully,"Snow, Snow,Mlord, youre wanted."
4139,Jon,Mully,A girls  been found.A girl?
4140,Arya,Jon,"Val?Has Val  returned?Not Val, mlord.This side of the Wall, it were."
4141,Arya,Jon,"Girl,Girl, girl.Ty and Dannel  came on her two leagues south of Moles Town."
4142,Arya,Jon,"Shes  highborn, mlord, and shes been asking for you.How many with her?"
4143,Mance,Melisandre,"None, mlord."
4144,Mance,Melisandre,They cut it loose and took the girl for questioning.
4145,Mance,Melisandre,"Where is the girl now?Maester Aemons chambers, mlord."
4146,Jon,Mully,"Girl was blue from the cold, shivering like all get  out, so Ty wanted Clydas to have a look at her.Thats good."
4147,Arya,Jon,"Snow, Snow,  Snow,"
4148,Jon,Mully,Has she eaten?
4149,Clydas,Mully,"Only bread and broth, my lord."
4150,Clydas,Mully,"It is best to go slow, Maester Aemon  always said.Any more and she might not have been able to digest it."
4151,Jon,Mully,"Dannel had one o Hobbs sausages and offered her a bite, but she wouldnt  touch it."
4152,Hobb,Jon,Perhaps we should just let her rest.
4153,Clydas,Hobb,"Where  ?Castle Black, my lady.The Wall."
4154,Arya,Clydas,Im here.
4155,Arya,Clydas,"Poor child.How old are you?Sixteen on my next nameday.And no child, but a woman grown and flowered."
4156,Arya,Jon,"You do not wear a chain.Are you a maester?No,but I have served one."
4157,Arya,Jon,I am told you have been asking after me.  
4158,Arya,Jon,My house and yours are bound in blood and  honor.
4159,Arya,Jon,You must not let him take me back to  Karhold.
4160,Jon,Robb,Alys Karstark.
4161,Jon,Robb,I was not sure you would remember.I was six the  last time you saw me.You came to Winterfell with your father.
4162,Jon,Robb,I dont recall what for.
4163,Jon,Robb,So I could meet your brother.
4164,Alys,Arnolf,My father said that was to be expected in a bastard.I remember.
4165,Alys,Arnolf,"Youre still a little sullen,but I will forgive  you that if you will save me from my uncle.Your uncle  would that be Lord Arnolf?He is no lord,My brother Harry is the rightful lord, and by law I am his  heir."
4166,Arnolf,Daryn,Now they mean to make me call him husband.
4167,Arnolf,Daryn,Before the war I was betrothed to  Daryn Hornwood.
4168,Arnolf,Daryn,Your brother Robb cut off his head for killing Lannisters.
4169,Daryn,Harry,I thought the whole  reason they marched south was to kill some Lannisters.It was  not so simple as that.
4170,Daryn,Harry,"Unarmed boys,  squires in a cell."
4171,Daryn,Harry,"My father never bellowed like the Greatjon, but he was no less  dangerous in his wroth."
4172,Daryn,Harry,"Is there blood feud between us, Lord Snow?When a man takes the black he puts his feuds behind him.The Nights Watch has no quarrel  with Karhold, nor with you.Good."
4173,Arya,Harry,"I did not know where else to turn but to the last son of Eddard Stark.Why not the king?Karhold declared for Stannis.My uncle declared for Stannis, in hopes it might provoke the Lannisters to take poor Harrys  head."
4174,Arya,Stannis,Hes buried two wives already.
4175,Arya,Stannis,"Will you help me?Marriages and inheritance are matters for the king, my lady.  Alys Karstark laughed, but it was the laughter of despair."
4176,Roose,Stannis,"My uncle will see to that.What do you mean?Arnolf is rushing to Winterfell, tis true, but only so he might put his dagger in your kings back."
4177,Alys,Stannis,"So he cannot help me, and would not even if he could."
4178,Alys,Stannis,"You are my only hope, Lord Snow."
4179,Alys,Stannis,Protect me.
4180,Beth,Brea,And who are you this morning?
4181,Beth,Brea,"No one,A lie."
4182,Beth,Brea,You are that blind beggar girl.Beth.
4183,Arya,Beth,"Poor child,Would you like to have your eyes back?Ask, and you shall  see."
4184,Arya,Beth,I may want them on the morrow.Not today.
4185,Arya,Beth,As you will.
4186,Arya,Beth,"Where did my poor blind girl go begging last night?The Inn of the Green Eel.And what three new things do you know that you did not know when last you left us?The Sealord is still sick.This is no new thing.The Sealord was sick yesterday, and he will still be sick upon the morrow.Or dead.When he is dead, that will be a new thing."
4187,Chett,Jacelyn,Tormo  Fregar will be the new sealord.Is that what they are saying at the Inn of the Green Eel?Yes.
4188,Chett,Jacelyn,
4189,Chett,Jacelyn,"At  other inns other names are being bruited about, never doubt."
4190,Chett,Jacelyn,"What three new things do you know, that you did not know before?I know that some men are saying that Tormo Fregar will surely be the new sealord,Some drunken men.Better.And what else do you know?"
4191,Chett,Jacelyn,"The whore Svrone is with child.She is not certain of the father, but thinks it might have been  that Tyroshi sellsword that she killed.This is good to know.What else?The Merling Queen has chosen a new Mermaid to take the place of the one that drowned.She  is the daughter of a Prestayn serving maid, thirteen and penniless, but lovely.So are they all, at the beginning,but you cannot know that she is lovely unless  you have seen her with your own eyes, and you have none."
4192,Chett,Jacelyn,Valar  morghulis.Valar dohaeris.
4193,Chett,Jacelyn,How long must I be blind?
4194,Chett,Jacelyn,"Until darkness is as sweet to you as light,or until you ask us for your eyes."
4195,Chett,Jacelyn,"Count the steps as you climb,Let your fingers brush the wall.There  are markings there, invisible to the eye, plain to the touch."
4196,Chett,Jacelyn,"You have five senses,Learn to use the other four, you will have fewer  cuts and scrapes and scabs."
4197,Chett,Jacelyn,Who is there?
4198,Chett,Jacelyn,No one.
4199,Chett,Jacelyn,"Not there,Are  you blind?"
4200,Chett,Jacelyn,Are you deaf?
4201,Chett,Jacelyn,"Good,"
4202,Chett,Jacelyn,Go on.
4203,Chett,Jacelyn,I am done beating you for today.No one beat me.
4204,Dareon,Weasel,"And are you a god, to decide who should live and who  should die?"
4205,Dareon,Weasel,"We give the gift to those marked by Him of Many Faces, after prayers and  sacrifice."
4206,Chett,Jacelyn,"And from that moment, we were two."
4207,Chett,Jacelyn,All men must die.
4208,Beth,Chett,Do you understand?
4209,Beth,Chett,"Yes,You lie."
4210,Beth,Chett,"You need only ask, and you may have your eyes back."
4211,Beth,Chett,"No,"
4212,Arya,Jon,"I could  cover you with weeping sores,but then innkeeps and taverners would chase you from  their doors."
4213,Arya,Jon,Is it ugly?
4214,Arya,Jon,It is not pretty.Good.
4215,Brus,Brusco,"For the night is dark and full of terrors,"
4216,Chett,Jacelyn,You again?
4217,Chett,Jacelyn,"You know me, dont  you?"
4218,Chett,Jacelyn,"Pynto is a very good man,"
4219,Arya,Nan,I know why the Sealord seized the Goodheart.
4220,Arya,Nan,"Hundreds of slaves,  women and children, roped together in her hold."
4221,Arya,Nan,I know where the slaves came from.
4222,Arya,Nan,"An old ruined place, accursed."
4223,Arya,Nan,"After the big battle where the King-Beyond-the-Wall was killed, the  wildlings ran away, and this woods witch said that if they went to Hardhome, ships would come and  carry them away to someplace warm."
4224,Chett,Jacelyn,"The price of slaves is rising, they said, and there are thousands more women and children at  Hardhome.It is good to know."
4225,Chett,Jacelyn,Is there a third?Yes.I know that youre the one who has been hitting me.
4226,Chett,Jacelyn,And how could a blind girl know that?
4227,Chett,Jacelyn,I gave you three.I dont need to give you four.
4228,Chett,Jacelyn,"Wine will not help, and water will just fan the flames,Eat this."
4229,Jeyne,Theon,"A drunk,Pissing off the wall, Ill wager.He slipped and  fell."
4230,Roose,Theon,"Stannis has friends inside the castle,"
4231,Roose,Theon,Stannis?
4232,Roose,Theon,"Stannis is snowed to death by now.Else hes  run back to the Wall with his tail froze between his legs.He could be camped five feet from our walls with a hundred thousand men,Wed never see a one o them through this storm."
4233,Theon,Yellow,"The gods have turned against us,This is  their wroth."
4234,Theon,Yellow,"We are cursed.Stannis is cursed,He is the one out there in the storm.Lord Stannis might be warmer than we know,His sorceress can  summon fire.Might be her red god can melt these snows."
4235,Damon,Ramsay,"As you seem so fond of Stannis, we will send you to  him,"
4236,Ramsay,Rickard,"He will be dead within the hour,Or hell be sucking Lord Stanniss cock before the sun goes down,He best take care it dont break off,Any man out there in this, his  cock is frozen hard.Lord Stannis is lost in the storm,Hes leagues away, dead or dying."
4237,Barbrey,Theon,A few more days and the snows will bury him and his army both.
4238,Ramsay,Theon,"Never touch me,Never touch  me."
4239,Holly,Ramsay,"Some girls like to touch,If it please mlord, Im Holly."
4240,Holly,Theon,What do you want?To see these crypts.
4241,Holly,Theon,Would you show me?
4242,Holly,Theon,"Deep and dark, they say."
4243,Holly,Theon,All the  dead kings watching.Did Abel send you to me?Might be.
4244,Holly,Theon,Hell sing  mlord a sweet song.
4245,Chett,Jacelyn,"I want no part of Abel, or you, or any of your sisters."
4246,Theon,Walder,"I want to walk the walls,Bloody cold up there,Bloody cold down here,but you do as  you like, turn-cloak."
4247,Aenys,Jeyne,"I have to  remember my name,"
4248,Hosteen,Roose,How long must we sit here waiting for this king who never comes?
4249,Hosteen,Roose,We should take the fight to Stannis and make an end to him.Leave the castle?
4250,Roose,Wyman,"Would you have us charge blindly into the snow?To fight Lord Stannis we would first need to find him,Our scouts  go out the Hunters Gate, but of late, none of them return."
4251,Hosteen,Wyman,"White Harbor does not fear to ride with you,  Ser Hosteen.Lead us out, and my knights will ride behind you."
4252,Hosteen,Wyman,"Close enough to drive a lance through my back, aye."
4253,Hosteen,Jared,"Your guests, who brought your son back to you.His bones, you mean."
4254,Jared,Symond,I recall them well.
4255,Wyl,Wyman,"A man of his word, Lord Tywin, Seven save  his soul."
4256,Aenys,Hosteen,Many and more bore witness to our parting.Many and more?
4257,Aenys,Hosteen,"Or you and yours?What are you suggesting, Frey?"
4258,Hosteen,Wyman,"I  do not like your tone, ser.No, not one bloody bit.Step out into the yard, you sack of suet, and Ill serve you all the bloody bits that you can  stomach,"
4259,Ramsay,Yellow,"Burn  the body,and see that you do not speak of this."
4260,Dick,Yellow,"boyWhen we find the man who did this,I will flay the skin off him, cook it crisp as crackling, and make him eat it, every bite."
4261,Barbrey,Willow,"Iron Lances,The Winter Maid.The Queen  Took Off Her Sandal, the King Took Off His Crown,The Bear and the Maiden Fair.A bear!"
4262,Damon,Grunt,"Reek,"
4263,Damon,Theon,"You are starting to stink again, Reek.Yes.Lord Ramsay means to cut your lips off when all this is done,"
4264,Damon,Skinner,As you say.
4265,Damon,Skinner,"I think he wants it.Go away, Reek,The smell of you turns my stomach."
4266,Skinner,Theon,The Maids That Bloom in Spring.
4267,Theon,Yellow,"Theon Turncloak.Theon Kinslayer.Im not.I never  I was ironborn.False is all you were.How is it you still breathe?The gods are not done with me,"
4268,Dick,Theon,Lord Ramsay is not  done with me.
4269,Dick,Theon,"I leave you to him, then."
4270,Theon,Walton,"Come with me, turncloak.His lordship wants words with you."
4271,Aenys,Catelyn,"I am told you have been wandering the castle,Men have reported seeing  you in the stables, in the kitchens, in the barracks, on the battlements."
4272,Catelyn,Theon,"Do you  deny it?No, mlord."
4273,Catelyn,Theon,"I  cannot sleep, mlord.I walk."
4274,Aenys,Theon,"I was a boy here before the war.A ward of Eddard Stark.You were a hostage,Yes, mlord.A hostage."
4275,Aenys,Theon,"Someone has been killing my men.Yes, mlord.Not you, I trust?"
4276,Aenys,Theon,"You would not repay all my kindnesses with  such treachery.No, mlord, not me."
4277,Aenys,Theon,"I  only walk, is all."
4278,Aenys,Theon,Take off your gloves.
4279,Aenys,Theon,"Please, no.   Ser Aenys said."
4280,Aenys,Ramsay,"The Bastard did this to you,If it please mlady, I  I asked it of him."
4281,Aenys,Ramsay,Why would you do that?I  I did not need so many fingers.Four is enough.
4282,Aenys,Ramsay,Four on his right hand.
4283,Aenys,Roose,A dagger.
4284,Aenys,Roose,Are all Freys such fools?
4285,Roose,Theon,"Do you truly think he could have overcome the Bastards disgusting creature  and shoved his manhood down his throat?These dead were all strong men,and none of them were stabbed."
4286,Skinner,Theon,"I am inclined  to agree.Strength aside, he does not have it in him to betray my son."
4287,Reek,Skinner,"If not him, who?Stannis has some man inside the castle, thats plain."
4288,Aenys,Reek,"We must look at Manderly,Lord Wyman loves us not."
4289,Aenys,Reek,"He loves his steaks and chops and meat pies, though."
4290,Aenys,Greatjon,The only time he does that is when he seeks the  privy for one of his hourlong squats.I do not claim Lord Wyman does the deeds himself.
4291,Aenys,Greatjon,   Lady Dustin said.
4292,Aenys,Greatjon,"Flints, Cerwyns, Tallharts, Slates  they all had men with the Young Wolf.House Ryswell too,Even Dustins out of Barrowton."
4293,Aenys,Roose,"The north remembers, Frey."
4294,Aenys,Roose,Stark dishonored us.That is what you northmen  had best remember.
4295,Roose,Theon,This squabbling will not serve.
4296,Roose,Theon,You are free to go.
4297,Roose,Theon,"Else it might be you we find upon the  morrow, smiling a red smile.As you say, mlord."
4298,Roose,Theon,Do they mean to try and blow our walls down?
4299,Roose,Theon,Mayhaps he thinks hes found the Horn of Joramun.Is Stannis fool enough to storm the castle?
4300,Roose,Theon,"Hes not Robert,Hell sit, see if he dont.Try and starve us out.Hell freeze his balls off first,We should take the fight to him,"
4301,Eddard,Theon,"Theon,Theon."
4302,Eddard,Theon,Please.
4303,Eddard,Theon,"A sword,  thats all I ask.Let me die as Theon, not as Reek."
4304,Bran,Eddard,"I  was ironborn.A son  a son of Pyke, of the islands."
4305,Bran,Eddard,"It floated on the  water, red, five-fingered, like a bloody hand. "
4306,Ramsay,Theon,"I had to have two heads, else they  would have mocked me  laughed at me  they Who are you talking to?"
4307,Holly,Rowan,"The ghosts,They whisper to me.They   they know my name.Theon Turncloak."
4308,Holly,Rowan,"You had to have two heads, did you?Elsewise men would have laughed at him,"
4309,Holly,Theon,What do you want?
4310,Holly,Theon,"You,I told you.I want to touch you, turncloak."
4311,Dick,Yellow,"Touch me,Kill me."
4312,Dick,Yellow,Go on.
4313,Dick,Holly,It was you.
4314,Dick,Holly,How could it be us?
4315,Holly,Rowan,"Here to be fucked, not  feared.Did the Bastard hurt you?"
4316,Holly,Rowan,"Chopped off your fingers, did he?"
4317,Rowan,Theon,Poor lad.
4318,Rowan,Theon,"There will be no more o that, I  promise."
4319,Rowan,Theon,"A nice quick  death, twill hardly hurt at all."
4320,Rowan,Theon,But not till youve sung for Abel.Hes waiting for you.
4321,Skahaz,Tyrion,Lot ninety-seven.
4322,Skahaz,Tyrion,"A pair of dwarfs, well trained for your  amusement."
4323,Skahaz,Tyrion,"Dog and pig included in lot,The dwarfs ride them.Delight the  guests at your next feast or use them for a folly."
4324,Illyrio,Tyrion,"Who will open for this pair?Three hundred,Four,"
4325,Illyrio,Tyrion,"And one,"
4326,Penny,Tyrion,"Four-fifty,Four-eighty.Five hundred."
4327,Penny,Tyrion,"Im glad they are keeping us together,"
4328,Penny,Tyrion,No talk.
4329,Jorah,Tyrion,Eight hundred.And fifty.And one.
4330,Penny,Tyrion,"One thousand,And one."
4331,Lem,Tyrion,Twelve hundred.
4332,Lem,Tyrion,Thirteen hundred.And one.
4333,Lem,Tyrion,"The females young,You could breed the  two of them, get good coin for the whelps.Half his nose is gone,"
4334,Chett,Tyrion,His eyes dont match neither.An ill-favored thing.My lady hasnt seen my best part yet.
4335,Chett,Tyrion,"Two thousand,"
4336,Chett,Tyrion,Twenty-five hundred.
4337,Cersei,Tyrion,Three thousand.
4338,Tyrion,Yellow,Five thousand silvers for the lot.
4339,Tyrion,Yellow,"If there are no further bids...Seven thousand,"
4340,Tyrion,Yellow,"The dwarf wants to buy himself,"
4341,Tyrion,Yellow,"A clever slave deserves a clever master, and you lot all look  like fools."
4342,Chett,Tyrion,Five thousand is an insult!
4343,Chett,Tyrion,"I joust, I sing, I say amusing things."
4344,Chett,Tyrion,My father told me I must always pay my debts.
4345,Chett,Tyrion,Was that another bid?
4346,Chett,Tyrion,I offer all the gold of Casterly Rock.
4347,Penny,Tyrion,"You are sold,"
4348,Penny,Tyrion,"It wont be so terrible, will it?"
4349,Penny,Tyrion,"He paid so much for us.Hell be kind, wont  he?"
4350,Chett,Penny,"Were too valuable to mistreat,"
4351,Penny,Tyrion,"What darling little creatures you are,You remind me of my own children  or would, if my little ones were not dead."
4352,Penny,Tyrion,Tell me your names.Penny.
4353,Penny,Yezzan,Yollo.Bold Yollo.
4354,Tyrion,Yezzan,Think of him as you would your father.
4355,Tyrion,Yezzan,"Your father loves his special treasures best of all, and he will cherish you,And me, think of me as you would the nurse who cared for you when you were small.Nurse is  what all my children call me.Lot ninety-nine,A warrior."
4356,Jorah,Tyrion,"Big and strong, this one,Plenty of piss in him."
4357,Daenerys,Tyrion,Who will start me out at three hundred?
4358,Nurse,Penny,"Do all you are told and nothing more, and you  shall live like little lords, pampered and adored,Disobey  but you would never do that,  would you?Not my sweetlings."
4359,Nurse,Penny,"Two hundred, then,A big brute like this, hes worth three times as much."
4360,Nurse,Penny,"No enemy will dare molest you!Come, my little friends,I will show you to your new home."
4361,Penny,Tyrion,"And one,"
4362,Penny,Tyrion,Who is the old woman?
4363,Penny,Tyrion,"Zahrina,Cheap fighters, hers."
4364,Nurse,Tyrion,Your friend dead soon.
4365,Nurse,Tyrion,You  cannot let her have him.
4366,Nurse,Tyrion,What is this noise you make?
4367,Jorah,Tyrion,That one is part of our show.
4368,Jorah,Penny,Very  funny.
4369,Jorah,Nurse,Him?
4370,Jorah,Nurse,"And one,Your bear.I see."
4371,Penny,Tyrion,"Three hundred,"
4372,Penny,Tyrion,Why did you do that?
4373,Penny,Tyrion,Your show was growing dull.Every mummer needs a  dancing bear.
4374,Tyrion,Wick,"Just the  sight of them drove the dragon queen to her knees,And there she will stay, sucking  Hizdahrs noble cock, else we smash her walls to rubble."
4375,Nurse,Tyrion,"I know my little treasures will be sweet and obedient,See  what befalls ones who try to run."
4376,Nurse,Tyrion,"Tolosi,The best slingers in the world.They throw soft  lead balls in place of stones."
4377,Jorah,Nurse,"Watch,You too, bear."
4378,Nurse,Yezzan,"Those are the dwellings of our noble masters cooks, concubines, and warriors,  and a few less-favored kinsmen,but you little darlings shall have the rare privilege of  sleeping within Yezzans own pavilion."
4379,Jorah,Yezzan,"Not you, bear.You are big and ugly, you will be chained outside."
4380,Jorah,Yezzan,"First, all of you must be fitted for collars."
4381,Penny,Tyrion,"Its so heavy,"
4382,Shae,Tyrion,"Its solid gold,In Westeros, high-born ladies dream of such  a necklace."
4383,Sweets,Yezzan,"goat legs,You are  trying to decide if Im a man or woman,"
4384,Sweets,Tyrion,"Im both, and master loves me best."
4385,Nurse,Sweets,"Lovely,but we were hoping to be the pretty ones for once."
4386,Nurse,Sweets,"Save your japes for this evening, when you  perform for our noble master."
4387,Chett,Jacelyn, He slapped Tyrion  across the face. said Sweets when the overseer had departed.
4388,Penny,Sweets,What is the master like?
4389,Penny,Sweets,"His eyes are yellow, and he stinks,Ten years ago he went to Sothoros, and he has been rotting from the inside out ever since."
4390,Sweets,Yezzan,Deny him  nothing.
4391,Tyrion,Yezzan,"Shall we unchain your bear?Not this night,Let us joust for our master first and save the bear for some other  time.Just so."
4392,Tyrion,Yezzan,"See that you do not spill  on the guests, or it will go ill for you."
4393,Tyrion,Yezzan,The Rains of Castamere.
4394,Nurse,Sweets,"Brown Ben Plumm,Captain of the Second Sons."
4395,Nurse,Tyrion,"You are next,Be  amusing, my little darlings, or you will wish you had."
4396,Tyrion,Yezzan,"It was cut off  to punish me for insolence, lord."
4397,Penny,Tyrion,"Let us put him to the test,"
4398,Penny,Tyrion,"You should have let him win,"
4399,Penny,Tyrion,"Try me next, dwarf."
4400,Tyrion,Yezzan,I learned the game there.I am only a slave.My noble master decides when and who I play.
4401,Tyrion,Yezzan,Master?
4402,Tyrion,Yezzan,"What stakes do you propose, Captain?If I win, give this slave to me,No,But if you can defeat  my dwarf, you may have the price I paid for him, in gold.Done,"
4403,Chett,Jacelyn,Yollo wins again.
4404,Tyrion,Yezzan,I was lucky.
4405,Tyrion,Yezzan,Some of that luck might rub off on your fingers.
4406,Nurse,Tyrion,Eat quickly.All this must be clean again before you sleep.
4407,Tyrion,Yezzan,Yollo.
4408,Tyrion,Yezzan,"You and your  wife.She is not my wife.Your whore, then.On your feet, both of you."
4409,Penny,Yezzan,"What have we done?Much and more,Nurse said you would be rewarded if you pleased your  father, did he not?"
4410,Penny,Yezzan,"And, oh, how we shall laugh!"
4411,Cersei,Jaime,"Come at once,Help me."
4412,Jaime,Lancel,Come at once.
4413,Chett,Jaime,"Not you two,Stay close.This will not  keep me long."
4414,Chett,Jaime,"My lord,Shall we announce you?Ill announce myself."
4415,Jaime,Jon,Lord Jonos.
4416,Jaime,Jon,"Seven bloody hells,who dares..."
4417,Jaime,Jon,"Lannister?I am sorry to disturb you at your pleasure, my lord,but I am in  some haste."
4418,Cersei,Jaime,"You took  me unawares, my lord.I was not told of your coming.And I seem to have prevented yours."
4419,Cersei,Jaime,Are all camp followers so modest?
4420,Cersei,Jaime,"If a man wants to sell  his turnips, he needs to set them out.You been looking at my turnips since you came in, ser."
4421,Jaime,Jon,"And theyre not for sale, neither."
4422,Jaime,Jon,"My apologies if I mistook you for something youre not.My little brother  has known a hundred whores, Im sure, but Ive only ever bedded one.Shes a prize of war."
4423,Jaime,Jon,She  belonged to one of Blackwoods sworn swords till I split his head in two.
4424,Jaime,Jon,My lord of Lannister wants a proper look at those teats.
4425,Jaime,Jon,"You are putting those breeches on backwards, my lord,"
4426,Jaime,Jon,"Do you have a name, woman?"
4427,Jaime,Jon,"My mother named me Hildy, ser."
4428,Jaime,Myrcella,"Have you seen my  other shoe, mlord?"
4429,Jaime,Myrcella,"Am I a bloody handmaid, to fetch you shoes?"
4430,Jaime,Myrcella,"Just go.Does that mean mlord wont be taking me home with him, to pray with his little wife?"
4431,Jaime,Myrcella,"Do you have a little wife, ser?"
4432,Jaime,Myrcella,"What color is my cloak?White,"
4433,Jaime,Myrcella,"And what is it you like in a  woman, mlord?Innocence.In a woman, I said.Not a daughter."
4434,Jaime,Jon,"I have sworn a vow,No turnips for you, then,Get out,"
4435,Jaime,Jon,"Hildy,"
4436,Jaime,Jon,And how fares your lady wife?
4437,Jaime,Jon,How would I know?
4438,Brynden,Jon,Now all she does is pray.
4439,Brynden,Jaime,"What brings you here, my lord?"
4440,Brynden,Jaime,We heard how  he escaped.Did you?
4441,Brynden,Jaime,"From the man himself, perchance?Ser Brynden knows better than to come running to me."
4442,Jaime,Tytos,"His brother could  have told you that.Tytos Blackwood has not bent the knee,Might the Brynden seek refuge  at Raventree?He might seek it, but to find it hed need to get past my siege lines, and last I heard he hadnt  grown wings."
4443,Jon,Tytos,Hell yield before the next full moon.Hell yield before the sun goes down.I mean to offer him terms and accept him back into the  kings peace.I see.
4444,Jon,Tytos,"Will my lord take a horn of ale?No, but dont go dry on my account."
4445,Harren,Jon,You spoke of terms.What sort of terms?The usual sort.
4446,Harren,Jon,"Ill claim a hostage as well, to ensure that Raventree  does not rise again.His daughter,Blackwood has six sons, but only the one daughter."
4447,Harren,Jon,"A snot-nosed little creature, couldnt be more than seven.Young, but she might serve."
4448,Harren,Jon,"What of the lands and castles  we were promised?What lands were these?The east bank of the Widows Wash, from Crossbow Ridge to Rutting Meadow, and all the  islands in the stream."
4449,Jaime,Jon,"Here, Ive marked them out if my lord  would like a look."
4450,Chett,Jaime,"This is a  deal of land,You will be increasing your domains by a quarter."
4451,Chett,Jaime,"All these lands belonged to Stone Hedge once.The  Blackwoods stole them from us.What about this village here, between the Teats?"
4452,Chett,Jaime,Pennytree.
4453,Jaime,Jon,"Your lord father promised to restore them to  us if we would subdue Lord Tytos for him.Yet as I was riding up, I saw Tully banners flying from the castle walls, and the direwolf of Stark  as well.That would seem to suggest that Lord Tytos has not been subdued.Weve driven him and his from the field and penned them up inside Raventree.Give me  sufficient men to storm his walls, my lord, and I will subdue the whole lot of them to their graves.If I gave you sufficient men, they would be doing the subduing, not you.In which case I should  reward myself."
4454,Jaime,Jon,Ill keep this if I might.The map is yours.
4455,Jaime,Jon,We fought  for you.Not half as long as you fought against us.The king has pardoned us for that.
4456,Jaime,Jon,"I will have recompense.Gregors dead, as is my father,and some might say your head was  recompense enough."
4457,Jaime,Jon,"Aye, I kept faith with the Young Wolf."
4458,Jaime,Jon,I bent the  knee because I saw no sense in dying for the dead nor shedding Bracken blood in a lost cause.A prudent man.
4459,Jaime,Jon,Youll get your lands.
4460,Jaime,Jon,Since you partly subdued the Blackwoods.
4461,Jaime,Jon,We will be content with whatever portion my lord thinks  fair.
4462,Jaime,Jon,"You would do well to remember that when you are making terms.Oh, I shall,"
4463,Jaime,Tytos,"Lord Tytos,Ser.Thank you for allowing me to enter.I will not say that you are welcome."
4464,Jaime,Tytos,You  are here for my sword.I am here to make an end of this.
4465,Jaime,Tytos,Are you  prepared to yield?To the king.Not to Jonos Bracken.I understand.
4466,Jaime,Tytos,Is it your wish that I dismount and kneel before you here and  now?
4467,Jaime,Tytos,"The wind is cold and the yard is muddy,You can  do your kneeling on the carpet in your solar once weve agreed on terms.That is chivalrous of you,Come, ser.My hall might lack for food, but never  for courtesy."
4468,Chett,Jaime,"The Brackens poisoned it,For a thousand years it has not shown a leaf."
4469,Chett,Jaime,Weirwoods never rot.And the ravens?
4470,Chett,Jaime,Where are they?They come at dusk and roost all night.
4471,Jaime,Tytos,"How or why, no man can  say, yet the tree draws them every night."
4472,Jaime,Tytos,For honors sake I  must ask about my liege lord.Ser Edmure is on his way to Casterly Rock as my captive.
4473,Jaime,Tytos,"So long as he does not attempt escape or plot  rebellion, Edmure will live a long life.Long and bitter."
4474,Jaime,Tytos,"Until his dying day, men will say he was afraid to fight."
4475,Jaime,Tytos,The choice was his.His uncle would have made us bleed.We agree on that much.
4476,Jaime,Tytos,"What have you done with Ser  Brynden, if I may ask?I offered to let him take the black.Instead he fled."
4477,Jaime,Tytos,"Do you have him here,  perchance?No.Would you tell me if you did?"
4478,Jaime,Tytos,Perhaps it is time we  talked of terms.Is this where I get down on my knees?If it please you.Or we can say you did.
4479,Jaime,Tytos,What lands will you require?
4480,Jaime,Tytos,"To be sure.The  turncloak must be given his reward.Yes, but a smaller one than he imagines, for a smaller service.Which of these lands will you  consent to part with?"
4481,Jaime,Tytos,"Woodhedge, Crossbow Ridge, and Buckle.A ruin, a ridge, and a few hovels?"
4482,Jaime,Tytos,"He will want  one of the mills, at least."
4483,Jaime,Tytos,"Lords Mill, then.Grindcorn is ours.And another village.Cairns?I have forebears buried beneath the rocks of Cairns."
4484,Jaime,Tytos,"Give him  Honeytree and its hives.All that sweet will make him fat and rot his teeth.Done, then.But for one last thing.A hostage.Yes, my lord.You have a daughter, I believe.Bethany."
4485,Robert,Tytos,I also have two brothers and a sister.
4486,Robert,Tytos,  
4487,Robert,Tytos,She has never been more than a days ride  from my hall.Why not let her see Kings Landing?
4488,Robert,Tytos,He would be  pleased to have another friend.One he can hang if the friends father should displease him?
4489,Robert,Tytos,I have four  sons.
4490,Robert,Tytos,He could squire  for you if it please my lord.I have more squires than I know what to do with.
4491,Lucas,Robert,"And you have six sons, my lord, not four.Once."
4492,Brynden,Hoster,"I should like to bury Lucas beneath the tree,  but the Freys have not yet seen fit to return his bones to me.Ill see that they do.Was Lucas your eldest son?My second."
4493,Brynden,Hoster,"A bookish boy, I fear.They have books in Kings Landing too."
4494,Harry,Hoster,I will accept Hoster as our hostage.
4495,Harry,Jon,"Thank you, my lord."
4496,Harry,Jon,"If I may be so  bold, you would do well to require a hostage from Lord Jonos too."
4497,Harry,Jon,"For all his  rutting, he has not proved man enough to father sons.He had a bastard son killed in the war.Did he?"
4498,Jon,Tytos,Jonos is neither.
4499,Jaime,Tytos,"Will you do me the  honor of taking supper with me?Some other time, my lord."
4500,Jaime,Tytos,I cannot linger.Riverrun awaits.Riverrun?Or Kings Landing?Both.
4501,Jaime,Tytos,Hoster can be ready to depart within the hour.
4502,Hoster,Jaime,Lord  Commander.
4503,Hoster,Jaime,"Hos, they call me."
4504,Hoster,Jaime,"Pray, who are they?My friends.My brothers.I am not your friend and I am not your brother."
4505,Beric,Tytos,"My lord, let there be no misunderstanding here."
4506,Jaime,Jon,Understand this as well: I am not Ryman Frey.No.
4507,Jaime,Jon,I know who I am dealing with.Kingslayer.Good.
4508,Jaime,Jon,I wish you a good harvest and  the joy of the kings peace.
4509,Jaime,Jon,"I saw them pull the direwolf banner down,Is it done?Done and done.Go home and plant your fields."
4510,Jaime,Jon,"I trust I have more fields to plant than when you went into that  castle.Buckle, Woodhedge, Honeytree and all its hives."
4511,Hoster,Jon,"Oh, and Crossbow  Ridge.A mill,I must have a mill.Lords Mill."
4512,Hoster,Jon,"Aye, that will serve.For now."
4513,Hoster,Jaime,Is this what he gave you for a hostage?
4514,Hoster,Jaime,"Never mind how tall he is, any one of my girls could snap him like a rotten twig.How many daughters do you have, my lord?"
4515,Hoster,Jaime,Five.Two by my first wife and  three by my third.
4516,Hoster,Jaime,Send one of them to court.She will have the privilege of attending the Queen Regent.
4517,Hoster,Jaime,"Is this how you repay the  friendship of Stone Hedge?It is a great honor to wait upon the queen,You might want to  impress that on her.Well look for the girl before the year is out."
4518,Hoster,Jaime,"The Teats,"
4519,Hoster,Jaime,"Theres a village between those hills.Pennytree,Well camp there for the night."
4520,Brynden,Jaime,"Lord Jonos made some remark about whose  teats they were,The Brackens call them by one name and the Blackwoods by another.Aye, my lord."
4521,Aegon,Jaime,  
4522,Aegon,Jaime,"What changed a hundred years ago?Aegon the Unworthy took Barba Bracken as his mistress,She was a  very buxom wench, they say, and one day when the king was visiting at the Stone Hedge he went out  hunting and saw the Teats and  named them for his mistress."
4523,Hoster,Jaime,"Only later  he put the Bracken girl aside and took up with a Blackwood, was that the way of it?Lady Melissa,Missy, they called her."
4524,Aegon,Jaime,  
4525,Aegon,Jaime,"How did all this begin, between Blackwood and  Bracken?Is it written down?It is, my lord,"
4526,Hero,Tyrion,"Rather than pay their king his just due, they used the gold their horses brought them to  hire swords and cast him down.When did all this happen?Five hundred years before the Andals."
4527,Hero,Tyrion,"Past a certain point, all the dates grow  hazy and confused, and the clarity of history becomes the fog of legend."
4528,Chett,Tyrion,"So you are fighting over a crown that one of you took from the other back when the Casterlys still held  Casterly Rock, is that the root of it?The crown of a kingdom that has not existed for thousands of  years?"
4529,Chett,Tyrion,"So many years, so many wars, so many kings  youd think someone would have  made a peace.Someone did, my lord."
4530,Hoster,Jaime,"My father says there will never be an end to  it.There could be.How, my lord?The old wounds never heal, my father says.My father had a saying too."
4531,Hoster,Jaime,"Dead men dont claim  vengeance.Their sons do,Not if you kill the sons as well."
4532,Hoster,Jaime,Ask the Prince of  Dragonstone.
4533,Brienne,Jaime,"Is that why you killed all the Starks?Not all,Lord Eddards daughters live."
4534,Chett,Jacelyn,"  Brienne, where are you?"
4535,Brienne,Jaime,"Shell  wed some burly blacksmith or fat-faced innkeep, fill his house with children, and never need to fear that  some knight might come along to smash their heads against a wall.The gods are good,"
4536,Hot,Jaime,"Where are the people?Hiding,"
4537,Harry,Jaime,You in the holdfast.
4538,Harry,Jaime,Were  kings men.
4539,Chett,Jaime,"They was kings men burned our village,Before that, some other kings men took our sheep."
4540,Chett,Jaime,"Kings men killed Harsley and Ser Ormond, and raped Lacey till she  died.Not my men,Will you open your gates?When youre gone we will."
4541,Chett,Jaime,"We could break that gate down easy enough, or put it to the  torch.While they drop stones on us and feather us with arrows."
4542,Chett,Jaime,"It would be a  bloody business, and for what?"
4543,Chett,Jaime,We have our own provisions.
4544,Brienne,Jaime,"She rode up bold as you please, mlord, demanding words with you."
4545,Brienne,Jaime,My lady.I had not thought to see you again so soon.
4546,Brienne,Jaime,That  bandage  youve been wounded A bite.
4547,Brienne,Jaime,"My  lord, you gave me a quest.The girl.Have you found her?I have,Where is she?A days ride."
4548,Brienne,Jaime,"Elsewise, the Hound  will kill her."
4549,Brienne,Jon," sang Melisandre, her arms upraised against the falling snow, Yours is the sun that warms our days, yours the stars  that guard us in the dark of night.All praise Rhllor, the Lord of Light,"
4550,Alys,Jon,Snow during a wedding means a cold marriage.My lady  mother always said so.
4551,Melisandre,Stannis,"The night is dark and filled with terrors,Alone we are born and alone we  die, but as we walk through this black vale we draw strength from one another, and from you, our lord."
4552,Melisandre,Selyse,"Two come forth today to join their lives, so  they may face this worlds darkness together.Fill their hearts with fire, my lord, so they may walk your  shining path hand in hand forever.Lord of Light, protect us,"
4553,Jon,Melisandre,"Lord of Light, bless your children."
4554,Alys,Selyse,"Oh, Lord of Light,  we thank you,We thank you for brave Stannis, by your grace our king."
4555,Alys,Selyse,"Protect him from the treacheries of evil men and grant him strength  to smite the servants of the dark.Grant him strength,Grant him courage.Grant him wisdom."
4556,Alys,Jon,"How much longer, Lord Snow?   Jon assured her. chanted the queen."
4557,Jon,Melisandre,"We thank you for our bright spirits, the fires in our loins and in our hearts.Let them come forth, who would be joined."
4558,Alys,Jon,"My lady.Are you ready?Yes.Oh, yes.Youre not scared?"
4559,Jon,Satin,Let him be scared of me.
4560,Jon,Mag,Winters lady.
4561,Alys,Melisandre,Who brings this woman to be wed?
4562,Jon,Melisandre,"I do,Now comes Alys of  House Karstark, a woman grown and flowered, of noble blood and birth."
4563,Melisandre,Sigorn,Who comes forth to claim this woman?
4564,Melisandre,Sigorn,Me.
4565,Mag,Sigorn,"Magnar of Thenn.Sigorn,will you share your fire with Alys, and warm her when the night is  dark and full of terrors?I swear me."
4566,Mag,Sigorn,"By the red gods flames, I warm her all her days.Alys, do you swear to share your fire with Sigorn, and warm him when the night is dark and full  of terrors?Till his blood is boiling."
4567,Alys,Melisandre,Then come to me and be as one.
4568,Alys,Mag,Two went into the flames.
4569,Alys,Mag,One emerges.
4570,Jon,Mag,"What fire joins, none may put asunder.What fire joins, none may put asunder,"
4571,Jon,Satin,Is it done?
4572,Jon,Satin,"Done and done,and a good thing."
4573,Owen,Satin,Hobbs mulled some wine with cinnamon and cloves.Thatll warm us some.Whats cloves?
4574,Jon,Mully,Will my lord be feasting with us?
4575,Jon,Sigorn,Shortly.
4576,Jon,Selyse,"I have other matters to attend to first, however."
4577,Jon,Selyse,"It was growing ever more time-consuming to shovel out the paths from one building to another;  more and more, the men were resorting to the underground passages they called wormways.   the queen was saying."
4578,Selyse,Stannis,I know that I could give His Grace more children if we were bound  in fire.
4579,Jon,Stannis,"If it please Your Grace, the feast awaits."
4580,Jon,Selyse,To be sure.Lady  Melisandre knows the way.
4581,Jon,Selyse,"I must attend my fires, Your Grace."
4582,Jon,Selyse,"A glimpse of some great victory, mayhaps.Oh."
4583,Jon,Selyse,"To be sure  let us pray for a vision from our lord Satin, show Her Grace to her place,"
4584,Jon,Malegorn,I will escort Her Grace to the feast.We shall not require your   steward.
4585,Jon,Malegorn,As you wish.I shall join you shortly.
4586,Melisandre,Patchface,"Under the sea the mermen feast on starfish soup,  and all the serving men are crabs,I know, I know, oh, oh, oh."
4587,Melisandre,Patchface,That creature is dangerous.
4588,Melisandre,Patchface,"Sometimes there are skulls about him, and his lips are red with blood."
4589,Clydas,Patchface,"You see fools in your fire, but no hint of Stannis?When I search for him all I see is snow."
4590,Jon,Stannis,Would you know if the king  was dead?
4591,Jon,Stannis,He is not dead.
4592,Jon,Melisandre,Dragon-stone is the  place of smoke and salt.
4593,Jon,Melisandre,"Stannis Baratheon was the Lord of Drag-onstone, but he was not  born there.He was born at Storms End, like his brothers."
4594,Jon,Melisandre,And what of Mance?
4595,Jon,Melisandre,"What do your fires show?The same, I fear.Only snow."
4596,Jon,Mance,You are  seeing cinders dancing in the updraft.I am seeing skulls.
4597,Jon,Mance,The danger that I  warned you of grows very close now.Daggers in the dark.
4598,Jon,Mance,"A grey girl on a dying horse,  fleeing from a marriage, that was what you said.I was not wrong.You were not right.Alys is not Arya.The vision was a true one."
4599,Jon,Mance,All  mortals err.Even lord commanders.
4600,Jon,Mance,"You would do well to keep your wolf beside you, my lord.Ghost is seldom far."
4601,Jon,Mance,"But now you must excuse me.Ghost, with me."
4602,Jon,Wick,"Karstark,Wake up."
4603,Alys,Jon,Snow.
4604,Alys,Jon,You have no right to hold me.  
4605,Alys,Jon,You are a prisoner.Your niece is wed.Alys was promised to me.
4606,Alys,Jon,"My lord father...Your father is a castellan, not a lord."
4607,Alys,Jon,Harrion is  dead.
4608,Alys,Jon,A daughter comes before an uncle too.
4609,Alys,Jon,"And she has given her hand in marriage to Sigorn, Magnar of Thenn.A wildling.A filthy, murdering wildling."
4610,Alys,Ramsay,"I see what you  are, Snow."
4611,Alys,Ramsay,Did you sample her yourself first?
4612,Alys,Ramsay,"If  you mean to kill me, do it and be damned for a kinslayer.Stark and Karstark are one blood.My name is Snow.Bastard.Guilty.Of that, at least.Let this Magnar come to Karhold.Well hack off his head and stuff it in a privy, so we can piss  into his mouth.Sigorn leads two hundred Thenns,"
4613,Alys,Ramsay,Lady Alys will pardon the women who betrayed  her and allow the men to take the black.
4614,Alys,Mag,"Never,Never, never, never."
4615,Jon,Stannis,"Never is a long time,You may feel differently on the morrow, or a year from now."
4616,Jon,Stannis,"When a man takes the black, his crimes are  wiped away."
4617,Jon,Stannis,Now pray excuse me.I have a feast to attend.
4618,Axell,Jon,"To King Stannis and his wife,  Queen Selyse, Light of the North!"
4619,Axell,Jon,"To Rhllor, the Lord of Light, may he defend us  all!One land, one god, one king!One land, one god, one king!"
4620,Alys,Jon,"Do you dance often, here at Castle Black?Every time we have a wedding, my lady.You could dance with me, you know."
4621,Alys,Jon,You danced with me anon.Anon?
4622,Alys,Jon,When we were children.
4623,Jon,Ygritte,"As you know well.My lady should dance with her husband.My Magnar is not one for dancing, I fear.If you will not dance with me, at least pour me some  of the mulled wine.As you command."
4624,Jon,Ygritte,"So,I am now a woman  wed. A wildling husband with his own little wildling army.Free folk is what they call themselves."
4625,Jon,Ygritte,Very old.
4626,Jon,Ygritte,"They come from a hidden vale at the  north end of the Frostfangs, surrounded by high peaks, and for thousands of years theyve had more  truck with the giants than with other men.It made them different.Different,but more like us.Aye, my lady.The Thenns have lords and laws."
4627,Jon,Ygritte,"They mine tin and  copper for bronze, forge their own arms and armor instead of stealing it."
4628,Jon,Ygritte,"Mance  Rayder had to best the old Magnar thrice before Styr would accept him as King-Beyond-the-Wall.And now they are here, on our side of the Wall.Driven from their mountain fastness and into  my bedchamber."
4629,Alys,Jon,"It is my own fault.My lord father told me I must charm your  brother Robb, but I was only six and didnt know how."
4630,Alys,Jon,"My lady, how do things stand at Karhold with your food stores?Not well."
4631,Alys,Jon,My father took so many of our men south with him that only the  women and young boys were left to bring the harvest in.
4632,Alys,Jon,"Few of the old people will survive it, and many children will  perish as well."
4633,Alys,Jon,"My fathers grandmother was a Flint of the  mountains, on his mothers side,The First Flints, they call themselves."
4634,Jon,Leathers,More  are never seen again.It is much the same at Karhold.
4635,Jon,Leathers,"When your stores begin to dwindle, my lady, remember us."
4636,Jon,Leathers,"Send us boys as well, if you have boys to spare.As you say."
4637,Jon,Leathers,Karhold remembers.
4638,Clydas,Jon,"Besides, I never done no wedding feast, mlord."
4639,Clydas,Jon,"Its in the bloody vows, I swear tis."
4640,Clydas,Jon,"A bird,"
4641,Alys,Cotter,"Dark wings, dark words?"
4642,Alys,Cotter,"No, my lady.This news was long awaited."
4643,Alys,Axell,"A northern maid and a wildling warrior, bound together by the Lord of Light."
4644,Alys,Axell,Her Grace approves.
4645,Axell,Roose,King Stannis will approve as well.
4646,Axell,Roose,"Not all agree, alas."
4647,Axell,Roose,"Ser Patrek feels  he would have made a better match for Lady Alys.His lands were lost to him when he came north.There are many in this hall who have lost far more than that,and more who have  given up their lives in service to the realm."
4648,Axell,Jon,The king might say the same if he were here.
4649,Axell,Jon,"This marriage is a good first step, but I know that it would  please the queen to see the wildling princess wed as well."
4650,Jon,Patrek,"You are persistent, Ser Axell, I grant you that.Do you blame me, my lord?"
4651,Jon,Patrek,"Good hips, good breasts, well made for whelping children.Who would father these children?"
4652,Jon,Patrek,You?Who better?
4653,Jon,Patrek,"Lady  Melisandre could perform the rites, as she did for Lady Alys and the Magnar.All you are lacking is a bride.Easily remedied."
4654,Jon,Patrek,"Where is she, Lord Snow?"
4655,Jon,Patrek,"Whores Burrow,  with tother wenches?"
4656,Jon,Patrek,Some say you have her tucked away for your own pleasure.
4657,Jon,Patrek,"If youve broken her  to saddle, well  we are both men of the world, are we not?"
4658,Jon,Patrek,"Ser Axell, if you are truly the Queens Hand, I pity Her Grace."
4659,Jon,Selyse,So it is true.
4660,Jon,Selyse,The bastard wants his fathers seat.
4661,Jon,Selyse,"You must excuse me, ser,I need a breath of fresh air."
4662,Narbert,Selyse,That was a horn.
4663,Narbert,Selyse,Did you hear that?
4664,Narbert,Selyse,"A warhorn, Your Grace,"
4665,Jon,Narbert,"Are we under attack?No, Your Grace,Its the watchers on the Wall, is all."
4666,Jon,Mully,"Two blasts,"
4667,Jon,Tormund,"Two  blasts,Wildlings."
4668,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Ghiscari will eat anything that swims or flies or crawls, but for man and dragon,and Id wager theyd eat dragon too if given half a chance."
4669,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"It is only for a little while more, my love,The Yunkaii will soon be  gone, and their allies and hirelings with them."
4670,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"Our port  is open once again, and ships are being permitted to come and go.They are permitting that, yes,"
4671,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"They have opened a slave market within sight of  my walls!Outside our walls, sweet queen.That was a condition of the peace, that Yunkai would be free  to trade in slaves as before, unmolested.In their own city.Not where I have to see it."
4672,Daenerys,Skahaz,"They are mocking me to my face, making a show of how powerless I am to stop them.Posing and posturing,A show, as you have said."
4673,Daenerys,Skahaz,"When they are gone, we will make a fruit market of what they leave behind.When they are gone,And when will they be gone?"
4674,Hizdahr,Rakharo,"Men, women, and children, gifts for the slavers."
4675,Hizdahr,Rakharo,That is why the Yunkaii have thrown up this market.They will leave here with  thousands of new slaves.
4676,Daenerys,Hizdahr,But they will leave.
4677,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Endure this for a little while longer, and it  shall pass."
4678,Daario,Hero,"I will leave my girls with you,Keep them safe for me, beloved.We would not want them making bloody mischief amongst  the Yunkaii."
4679,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Have you ever heard such singing,  my love?"
4680,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"They have the voices of gods, do they not?Yes,though I wonder if they might not have preferred to have the fruits of men."
4681,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"If it please you, Yurkhaz will be pleased to give us the singers, I do not doubt,A gift to seal our peace, an ornament to our court."
4682,Daenerys,Yellow,Worship.
4683,Daenerys,Yellow,"I thought I might bring a wedding gift for you, but the bidding went too high for old Brown  Ben.I want no gifts from you.This one you might.The head of an old foe.Your own?"
4684,Daenerys,Yellow,"You betrayed me.Now thats a harsh way o putting it, if you dont mind me saying."
4685,Daenerys,Yellow,"We went over to the winning side, is all."
4686,Daenerys,Yellow,"I put it to my men.So they betrayed me, is that what you are saying?"
4687,Chett,Daenerys,"Did I  cheat you on your pay?Never that,"
4688,Chett,Jacelyn,"  You saw me as defeated, Daenerys thought, and who am I to say that you were wrong?"
4689,Chett,Daenerys,"Enough gold to live like a lord, you  said.What did you do with all that wealth?"
4690,Chett,Daenerys,"Fool boy that I was, I told a man I took to be my friend, and he told our  serjeant, and my brothers-in-arms come and relieved me o that burden."
4691,Chett,Daenerys,"He let me keep the jerkin, though."
4692,Chett,Daenerys,"You dont  never want to trust a sellsword, mlady.I have learned that much.One day I must be sure to thank you for the lesson."
4693,Chett,Daenerys,No need.I know the sort o thanks you have in mind.
4694,Chett,Daenerys,Ser Barristan?
4695,Daenerys,Petyr,Your Grace.How much did you hear?Enough.
4696,Daenerys,Petyr,Never trust a sellsword.
4697,Daenerys,Petyr,Is there some man in the Second Sons who might be persuaded to   remove  Brown Ben?As Daario Naharis once removed the other captains of the Stormcrows?
4698,Daenerys,Petyr,"Perhaps.I would not know, Your Grace."
4699,Daenerys,Petyr,"If not, the Yunkaii employ three other  companies.Rogues and cutthroats, scum of a hundred battlefields,with captains  full as treacherous as Plumm.I am only a young girl and know little of such things, but it seems to me that we want them to  be treacherous.Once, youll recall, I convinced the Second Sons and Stormcrows to join us.If Your Grace wishes a privy word with Gylo Rhegan or the Tattered Prince, I could bring them  up to your apartments.This is not the time."
4700,Daenerys,Petyr,"We must find some quieter way of reaching out to  them  not tonight, but soon.As you command."
4701,Daenerys,Petyr,"We old knights are simple men, only good for  fighting."
4702,Daenerys,Petyr,"Our prisoners,The Westerosi who came over from the Windblown with the  three Dornishmen."
4703,Daenerys,Petyr,"Use them.Free them, you mean?"
4704,Daenerys,Meris,"They were sent here to worm their way into your trust, so  they might betray Your Grace at the first chance.Then they failed."
4705,Daenerys,Meris,I will never trust them.
4706,Daenerys,Meris,We can still use them.
4707,Daenerys,Meris,"If their captain is a clever man, he will understand.The woman is the worst of all.All the better."
4708,Barristan,Daenerys,We should sound out the Long Lances too.And  the Company of the Cat.Bloodbeard.
4709,Barristan,Daenerys,"If it please Your Grace, we want no part of him."
4710,Barristan,Bloodbeard,"There is no honor in him, only hunger  for gold, for glory, for blood.You know more of such men than me, ser."
4711,Barristan,Hizdahr,Do as you think best.
4712,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I do not trust the slavers.
4713,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"They will turn on us at  the first sign of weakness.The Yunkaii grow weaker as well.The bloody flux has taken hold amongst the Tolosi, it is said,  and spread across the river to the third Ghiscari legion."
4714,Daenerys,Meris,I cannot rely on  plague to save me from my enemies.
4715,Daenerys,Meris,At once.As you command.  
4716,Hizdahr,Quentyn,"The boy seems pleasant and well spoken, but "
4717,Lewyn,Quentyn,"Quentyn Martell is of  the same blood, if it please Your Grace.It would please me if he had turned up with these fifty thousand swords he speaks of."
4718,Daenerys,Lewyn,  
4719,Daenerys,Quentyn,Dorne is too far away.
4720,Daenerys,Quentyn,"You should send him home.Dornishmen are notoriously stubborn, Your Grace."
4721,Daenerys,Quentyn,He will not go without you.
4722,Barristan,Daenerys,Is he still  within?Drinking with his knights.Bring him to me.It is time he met my children.
4723,Barristan,Daenerys,As you command.
4724,Barristan,Daenerys,My prince.
4725,Barristan,Daenerys,Are you certain that you wish to do this?If it would please Your Grace.Then come.
4726,Daenerys,Quentyn,"The dragon has three heads,My marriage need not be  the end of all your hopes.I know why you are here.For you,No,For fire and blood."
4727,Barristan,Quentyn,"The dragons know when she is near,"
4728,Chett,Jacelyn,They call to me.
4729,Barristan,Daenerys,"Remain outside,Prince Quentyn will protect me."
4730,Chett,Quentyn,I  I had heard that there were three.Drogon is hunting.
4731,Chett,Quentyn,"The white one is Viserion, the green is  Rhaegal.I named them for my brothers."
4732,Chett,Jacelyn,
4733,Aegon,Daenerys,My children have grown wild and angry in the dark.You  you mean to ride them?One of them.
4734,Aegon,Daenerys,"Dragons live longer than men, some for hundreds of years,  so Balerion had other riders after Aegon died  but no rider ever flew two dragons."
4735,Daenerys,Daeron,"They are  they are fearsome creatures.They are dragons, Quentyn."
4736,Daenerys,Daeron,And so am I.
4737,Daenerys,Daeron,"I  I have the blood of the dragon in me as well, Your Grace."
4738,Daenerys,Daeron,He built the Water Gardens for her.The Water Gardens?
4739,Daenerys,Daeron,My fathers favorite palace.
4740,Daario,Daeron,"They are all of  pink marble, with pools and fountains, overlooking the sea.They sound lovely."
4741,Daario,Hizdahr,You ought to return there.
4742,Daario,Hizdahr,"You made Daario look a fool, and he is not a man to forget such a slight.I have my knights.My sworn shields.Two knights."
4743,Daenerys,Hizdahr,  I will not run from slaves and sell swords.
4744,Daenerys,Quentyn,"Ser Barristan will have summoned a pair of  sedan chairs to carry us back up to the banquet, but the climb can still be wearisome."
4745,Daenerys,Quentyn,Tell me of this other Daenerys.
4746,Daenerys,Quentyn,I never had a maester growing up.
4747,Daenerys,Quentyn,"It would be my pleasure, Your Grace,"
4748,Irri,Jhiqui,"I keep my  promises,You wished for peace, and it is  yours.I am grateful."
4749,Daenerys,Mirri,Gods grant that we have made a  son tonight.
4750,Daenerys,Hizdahr,My queen?
4751,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Who is there?Only Missandei.
4752,Daenerys,Missandei,This one heard you crying.Crying?
4753,Daenerys,Missandei,"You had a bad dream, that was all.As you say, Your Grace."
4754,Daenerys,Missandei,"Stay,I do not wish to be  alone.His Grace is with you,His Grace is dreaming, but I cannot sleep."
4755,Daenerys,Missandei,The price of peace.
4756,Daenerys,Missandei,Come.
4757,Daenerys,Missandei,Talk with me.If it please you.
4758,Daenerys,Missandei,"What shall we talk of?Home,Naath."
4759,Daenerys,Missandei,Remind me that there is still good in the  world.
4760,Nan,Theon,"The storm will end today,Why, it isnt  even winter."
4761,Ramsay,Theon,This will not work.
4762,Ramsay,Theon,"We will be caught before we leave the castle.Even if we do escape, Lord  Ramsay will hunt us down, him and Ben Bones and the girls.Lord Stannis is outside the walls, and not far by the sound of it.All we need do is reach him."
4763,Skinner,Theon,"If the Bastard does come after us, he might live long enough to rue it."
4764,Skinner,Theon,"Ramsay will use your women as  his prey,Hell hunt them down, rape them, and feed their corpses to his dogs."
4765,Damon,Skinner,Youll be begging them to kill you.
4766,Damon,Squirrel,You swore you would not let me fall into his hands  again.I have your word on that.
4767,Ramsay,Squirrel,"Abels word,Strong as oak."
4768,Ramsay,Squirrel,"No matter what, my  prince."
4769,Hosteen,Walder,My brother Merretts son.
4770,Theon,Walder,Butchered like a hog and shoved beneath a snowbank.A boy.
4771,Ramsay,Rowan,"This was no work  of ours,Be quiet,"
4772,Big,Roose,This was foul work.
4773,Big,Walder,"Where was the body found?Under that ruined keep, my lord,The one with the old gargoyles."
4774,Ramsay,Walder,"I told him not to go out alone, but he said he had to  find a man who owed him silver.What man?"
4775,Hosteen,Ramsay,"Give me his name.Point him out to me, boy, and I will make  you a cloak of his skin.He never said, my lord.Only that he won the coin at dice."
4776,Hosteen,Ramsay,"It was  some White Harbor men who taught dice.I couldnt say which ones, but it was them.My lord,We know the man who did this."
4777,Hosteen,Wyman,But by his word.
4778,Ramsay,Wyman,Do you deny it?
4779,Ramsay,Wyman,I confess 
4780,Ramsay,Wyman,"How  old was the lad?Nine, on his last nameday.So young,Though mayhaps this was a blessing.Had he lived, he  would have grown up to be a Frey."
4781,Roose,Walda,"Stop,Stop this madness."
4782,Roose,Walton,"I see you all want blood,"
4783,Hosteen,Theon,"Rather than use  our swords upon each other, you might try them on Lord Stannis."
4784,Hosteen,Theon,"His host lies not three days ride from here, snowbound and starving, and I for one am tired of waiting  on his pleasure."
4785,Hosteen,Wyman,They shall go forth as well.
4786,Chett,Jacelyn,As my lord commands.
4787,Ramsay,Wyman,"First you must needs come through us, ser,Gladly.One at a time or all at once, it makes no matter.Enough,Another threat, and Ill gut you all  myself."
4788,Ramsay,Roose,Save your wroth for the pretender Stannis.
4789,Ramsay,Roose,As he says.There will be time enough to fight each other  once we are done with Stannis.
4790,Roose,Theon,"Singer,come sing us something soothing."
4791,Roose,Theon,If it please your lordship.
4792,Rowan,Theon,The bath.It must be now.
4793,Rowan,Theon,By day?We will be seen.The snow will hide us.
4794,Hop,Squirrel,"We have to reach King  Stannis before they do.But  Abel Abel can fend for himself,"
4795,Rowan,Squirrel,Find your sisters.It takes a deal of water to fill my ladys tub.
4796,Rowan,Theon,Winter is coming You have no right to mouth Lord Eddards words.
4797,Rowan,Yellow,  
4798,Dick,Yellow,"You killed the others, why  not him?  A pig of a man.And Little Walder was a piglet.  "
4799,Rowan,Theon,"Say it again and I will rip your lying tongue out, kinslayer."
4800,Rowan,Theon,You wont.
4801,Rowan,Theon,You need my lies.
4802,Damon,Theon,"I   have done terrible things  betrayed my own, turned my cloak, ordered the death of men who trusted  me  but I am no kinslayer.Starks boys were never brothers to you, aye.We know."
4803,Rowan,Theon,"There is blood on my hands, but not the blood of brothers,And Ive been punished.Not enough."
4804,Rowan,Willow,"The yards are crawling with fools,They mean to ride out.Kneelers,Their lordly lord spoke, they must obey.Theyre going to die,Them and us,Even if we do get  past the guards, how do you mean to get Lady Arya out?"
4805,Holly,Theon,"Six women go in, six come out."
4806,Squirrel,Theon,Well dress the Stark  girl up as Squirrel.
4807,Squirrel,Theon,And how does Squirrel get  out?
4808,Squirrel,Theon,"Out a window, and straight down to the godswood."
4809,Rowan,Squirrel,"I  think I can climb down some stone tower.Happy, turncloak?"
4810,Roose,Rowan,Lets be about it.
4811,Ramsay,Theon,"The Prince of Stink is come for some hot water,"
4812,Ramsay,Theon,"Quick now, before all that sweet  warm air escapes."
4813,Ramsay,Theon,"Hot water for mlady, boy,Six pails full, and see that its good and hot.Lord Ramsay wants her pink and clean.Aye, mlord,At once, mlord.At once"
4814,Rowan,Theon,Wheres  Maisie and Jez and tother girls?
4815,Rowan,Theon,"The usual ones.Lady Arya was displeased with them,Her water was cold before it reached the tub  last time."
4816,Ramsay,Theon,Another bloody  bath?
4817,Ramsay,Theon,She had a bath last night.How dirty can one woman get in her own bed?
4818,Jeyne,Theon,"Lord Ramsays command.Get in there, then, before the water freezes,"
4819,Holly,Theon,I thought that would be harder.
4820,Holly,Theon,"There are more guards upstairs at mlords bedchamber,Ramsays men."
4821,Rowan,Theon,"Keep your  heads down and your hoods up.Do as he says, Holly,Theres some will know your face.We dont need that  trouble."
4822,Alyn,Theon,"I have hot water for the Lady Arya,Try a wash yourself, Reek,You smell like horse piss."
4823,Frenya,Holly,Where is she?
4824,Frenya,Holly,Where is she?
4825,Ramsay,Theon,My lady.
4826,Arya,Jeyne,No need to hide.These are friends.
4827,Jeyne,Rowan,Theon?Lady Arya.
4828,Jeyne,Rowan,"You must come with us, and quickly.Weve come to take  you to your brother.Brother?"
4829,Jeyne,Rowan,I  I have no brothers.
4830,Jeyne,Rowan,"Thats so,"
4831,Jeyne,Rowan,"Robb and Bran and Rickon.Theyre dead.I have no brothers now.You have a half-brother,Lord Crow, he is.Jon Snow?Well take you to him, but you must come at once."
4832,Jeyne,Rowan,No.
4833,Jeyne,Rowan,"I do, I do, I love him more  than anything."
4834,Jeyne,Rowan,"Tell him, you tell him.  Rowan whistled softly. Jeyne whimpered."
4835,Jeyne,Willow,Someone stop her crying.
4836,Holly,Willow,"Theyre going to  hear.Get her up, turncloak."
4837,Holly,Rowan,Get her up or I will.
4838,Rowan,Theon,Get the  little cunt up on her feet and shake some courage into her.And if she screams?
4839,Arya,Theon,You know me.
4840,Arya,Theon,I know your name.My name?
4841,Arya,Theon,My name  its We can talk about that later.
4842,Rowan,Theon,Away from him.
4843,Rowan,Theon,"Please,Oh, please."
4844,Rowan,Squirrel,Get her dressed.Its cold outside.
4845,Holly,Theon,"Now we are going out and down the steps,Keep  your head down and your hood up."
4846,Holly,Jeyne,"Dont run, dont cry, dont speak, dont look anyone in  the eye.Stay close to me,Dont leave me.I will be right beside you,"
4847,Alyn,Frenya,"You give her a good wash, Reek?"
4848,Jeyne,Theon,"Its cold,"
4849,Rowan,Theon,"This way,Frenya, Holly, go with them,We will be along with Abel.Do not wait for us."
4850,Holly,Theon,Who goes there?
4851,Holly,Theon,"Reek, is that you?"
4852,Chett,Jacelyn,Theon Greyjoy. said Holly.
4853,Holly,Theon,"Oh, bloody shit,That will bring the  kneelers down on us, and no mistake.Run!"
4854,Frenya,Theon,Go on.I will hold the kneelers here.
4855,Frenya,Holly,Which way?
4856,Frenya,Holly,Where do we go now?How do we get out?
4857,Frenya,Holly,"Oh, fuck me bloody.The rope."
4858,Frenya,Holly,Frenya has the rope.
4859,Holly,Jeyne,Kneelers on the inner  wall 
4860,Irri,Missandei,"Even if  the pits must open, must Your Grace go yourself?"
4861,Daenerys,Missandei,"Half of Meereen will be there to see me, gentle heart.Your Grace,this one begs leave to say that half of Meereen will be there to  watch men bleed and die."
4862,Irri,Jhiqui,"Khaleesi, which tokar will you want today?"
4863,Irri,Jhiqui,The yellow silk.
4864,Daenerys,Jhiqui,"And over it, the long red veils."
4865,Missandei,Quentyn,Your Grace.
4866,Barristan,Quentyn,"They beg a word, if that should please you."
4867,Barristan,Quentyn,Some other day.
4868,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I would be happier if you had Unsullied guards about you  today, Your Grace,Half of these Brazen Beasts  are untried freedmen."
4869,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"And untried they shall remain unless we try them.A mask can hide many things, Your Grace."
4870,Barristan,Daenerys,How can we know?How should Meereen ever come to trust the Brazen Beasts if I do not?
4871,Barristan,Daenerys,I put my life into their hands.
4872,Barristan,Daenerys,"You fret too much, ser.I  will have you beside me, what other protection do I need?I am one old man, Your Grace.Strong Belwas will be with me as well.As you say."
4873,Barristan,Meris,Your Grace.
4874,Meris,Tattered,"That he sent her  here to treat with you secretly, but the Dornishmen unmasked them and betrayed them before she  could make her own approach."
4875,Mag,Tattered,"How much of this do  you believe, ser?Little and less, Your Grace, but those were her words.Will they come over to us, if need be?She says they will.But for a price.Pay it."
4876,Illyrio,Mag,"The Tattered Prince will want more than coin, Your  Grace.Meris says that he wants Pentos.Pentos?"
4877,Illyrio,Mag,"How can I give him Pentos?It is half a world away.He would be willing to wait, the woman Meris suggested.Until we march for Westeros."
4878,Illyrio,Mag,Pentos belongs to the Pentoshi.
4879,Barristan,Hizdahr,No.
4880,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Your Grace is wise.Have you ever seen such an auspicious day, my love?"
4881,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Auspicious for you, perhaps.Less so for those who must die before the sun goes down.All men must die,but not all can die in glory, with the cheers of the city ringing  in their ears."
4882,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Open.
4883,Belwas,Chett,They come!
4884,Belwas,Chett,Make way!
4885,Belwas,Chett,The queen!
4886,Belwas,Chett,The king!
4887,Daenerys,Quentyn,They come!
4888,Daenerys,Quentyn,Our queen.Our king.
4889,Daenerys,Jhiqui,Make way.
4890,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Why are we stopped?
4891,Daenerys,Hizdahr,The way is blocked.
4892,Barristan,Daenerys,"Help that man,Get him off the street before hes stepped on  and give him food and water.He looks as though he has not eaten in a fortnight."
4893,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Your Grace, I do not like this halt."
4894,Daenerys,Hizdahr,   declared Hizdahr zo Loraq.
4895,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Those bearers were  slaves before I came.
4896,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Yet that palanquin is no lighter.True,"
4897,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Instead he is being given aid.
4898,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"I  suppose I must be thankful for small victories,One step, then the next, and soon we shall be running.Together we shall make a new  Meereen."
4899,Chett,Daenerys,Shall we continue on?
4900,Belwas,Hizdahr,Locusts!
4901,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Those are very tasty,You ought to try a few yourself, my love.They are  rolled in spice before the honey, so they are sweet and hot at once.That explains the way Belwas is sweating,I believe I will content myself with figs  and dates."
4902,Bloodbeard,Daenerys,Great Masters!
4903,Bloodbeard,Daenerys,Let Queen Daenerys hear your love!
4904,Bloodbeard,Daenerys,Mother!
4905,Daenerys,Reznak,"Mhysa,  Mhysa, Mhysa,"
4906,Hizdahr,Reznak,"Magnificence, hear how they love you!"
4907,Belwas,Hizdahr,"Jhiqui,sweet water, if you  would. Hizdahr told her."
4908,Hizdahr,Jhiqui,"Khrazz believes the hearts of brave men make him stronger,"
4909,Hizdahr,Jorah,"Ah,Now comes the Spotted Cat."
4910,Goghor,Hizdahr,A  poem on two feet.
4911,Belwas,Spotted,"Bad fighting, good dying,Strong Belwas hates it when they scream."
4912,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"This one shows much promise, my sweet,"
4913,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"A boy,He was only a boy.Six-and-ten,A man grown, who freely chose to risk his life for gold and  glory.No children die today in Daznaks, as my gentle queen in her wisdom has decreed."
4914,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Murderers and rapers may be forced to fight, and all those who persist in  slaving, but not thieves or debtors."
4915,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"The flesh is not wasted,The butchers use the carcasses to make a healthful stew for the  hungry.Any man who presents himself at the Gates of Fate may have a bowl.A good law,"
4916,Daenerys,Hizdahr,We must make certain that this tradition is  continued.
4917,Daenerys,Jhiqui,"That was no true khalasar,These carcasses are not destined for your healthful stew, I would hope,The horses, yes,The men, no.Horsemeat and onions makes you strong,"
4918,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"This is sweet and silly, but Be patient, my sweet,They are about to loose the lions."
4919,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Lions?Three of them.The dwarfs will not expect them.
4920,Daenerys,Hizdahr,The dwarfs have wooden swords.
4921,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"How do you expect them to  fight lions?Badly,"
4922,Daenerys,Hizdahr,That is what makes this a folly.
4923,Daenerys,Hizdahr,I forbid it.Gentle queen.You do not want to disappoint your people.You swore to me that the fighters would be grown men who had freely consented to risk their  lives for gold and honor.
4924,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Now.
4925,Daenerys,Hizdahr,As you command.
4926,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"No lions,Not one, Magnificence?Where is the fun in that?My queen has spoken.The dwarfs will not be harmed.The crowd will not like it.Then bring on Barsena.That should appease them.Your Worship knows best."
4927,Belwas,Hizdahr,"Barsena  is much loved,The bravest woman I have ever seen.Fighting girls is not so brave."
4928,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"And not with a wooden sword, it would seem."
4929,Reznak,Robert,"Barsena is very quick,She will dance with the boar, Magnificence, and slice him  when he passes near her.He will be awash in blood before he falls, you shall see."
4930,Barristan,Reznak,"She needs a spear,That is  no way to fight a boar."
4931,Belwas,Daenerys,Was that brave enough?
4932,Belwas,Daenerys,"Fighting pigs is brave, but it is not brave to scream so loud.It hurts Strong Belwas in the ears."
4933,Belwas,Daenerys,It makes Strong Belwas sick  in his belly too.
4934,Hizdahr,Irri,Khaleesi?
4935,Hizdahr,Irri,What are you doing?Taking off my floppy ears.
4936,Hizdahr,Irri,"Ser Barristan, will you see me safely  back to my garden?"
4937,Hizdahr,Irri,There is more to come.
4938,Irri,Jhiqui,"Belaquo and Goghor!Belaquo will win,It is known.It is not known,Belaquo will die.One will die, or the other will,And the one who lives will die some other day.This  was a mistake.Strong Belwas ate too many locusts."
4939,Belwas,Hizdahr,Strong Belwas needs milk.
4940,Belwas,Hizdahr,"Magnificence, the people of Meereen have come to celebrate our  union."
4941,Belwas,Hizdahr,"Do not cast away their love.It was my floppy ears they cheered, not me.Take me from this abbatoir, husband."
4942,Belaquo,Hizdahr,"Sweet lady, no."
4943,Chett,Jacelyn,
4944,Belwas,Hizdahr,"Oh, gods,hes eating her!"
4945,Drogo,Hizdahr,No
4946,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Kill it,Kill the beast!"
4947,Barristan,Daenerys,"Look away, Your Grace.Let me go!"
4948,Daenerys,Drogo,"Drogon,Drogon."
4949,Daenerys,Drogo,No
4950,Chett,Jacelyn,
4951,Barristan,Drogo,Me!
4952,Daenerys,Drogo,"No,"
4953,Daenerys,Drogo,"No,NO!"
4954,Chett,Jacelyn,"No, no, no."
4955,Daenerys,Drogo,Higher!
4956,Jon,Tormund,"Done then, and  may the gods forgive me.Theres a hundred mothers never will, I know."
4957,Jon,Tormund,"Done and  done,"
4958,Jon,Tormund,"Mance should have killed you when he had the chance,Gold for gruel, and boys  a cruel price.Whatever happened to that sweet lad I knew?"
4959,Jon,Tormund,"A fair bargain leaves both sides unhappy, Ive heard it said.Three days?If I live that long.Some o my own will spit on me when they hear these terms."
4960,Jon,Tormund,"Your crows will grumble too, if I know them."
4961,Jon,Tormund,I have killed more o  you black buggers than I can count.It might be best if you did not mention that so loudly when you come south of the Wall.Har!
4962,Jon,Tormund,Wise  words.Id not want you crows to peck me to death.
4963,Jon,Tormund,"When all my folk are safe  behind your Wall, well share a bit o meat and mead. The wildling pulled off the band from  his left arm and tossed it at Jon, then did the same with its twin upon his right."
4964,Jon,Tormund,"Now theyre yours, you thieving black bastard."
4965,Jon,Tormund,The Braavosi will melt these down for the gold.
4966,Jon,Tormund,Perhaps you  ought to keep them.No.Ill not have it said that Tormund Thunderfist made the free folk give up their treasures  whilst he kept his own.
4967,Jon,Tormund,But Ill keep the ring I wear about me member.
4968,Jon,Tormund,On you itd be a torque.
4969,Jon,Tormund,"You never change.Oh, I do."
4970,Jon,Tormund,I am not the man I was at Ruddy Hall.
4971,Chett,Jacelyn, Grief twisted Tormunds face.
4972,Jon,Tormund,"That was hard, Jon."
4973,Jon,Tormund,"He wasnt much of a man, truth be told, but hed  been me little boy once, and I loved him."
4974,Jon,Tormund,I am so sorry.Why?
4975,Jon,Tormund,But not his.
4976,Jon,Tormund,I still have two strong sons.Your daughter  ?Munda.
4977,Jon,Tormund,"Took that Longspear Ryk to husband, if you  believe it."
4978,Jon,Tormund,"I told him if he  ever hurt her, Id yank his member off and beat him bloody with it."
4979,Jon,Tormund,"Time you were going back.Keep you any longer, theyre like to think we ate you.Dawn, then."
4980,Jon,Tormund,"The boys first.I heard you the first ten times, crow.A mand think there was no trust between us."
4981,Jon,Tormund,"Boys first, aye."
4982,Jon,Tormund,Har!
4983,Jon,Tormund,Ghost!To me.
4984,Jon,Tormund,"Corn,Corn, corn, corn.Did you follow me as well?"
4985,Chett,Jon,"Snow,"
4986,Jon,Tormund,Have you been trying to steal my wolf?
4987,Jon,Tormund,Why not?
4988,Axell,Tormund,Even crows.Har!
4989,Axell,Tormund,"Dont bandy words with this one, Lord Snow, shes too  clever for the likes o you and me.Best steal her quick, before Toregg wakes up and takes her first."
4990,Axell,Tormund,"A nubile girl, not hard to look upon.Good hips,  good breasts, well made for whelping children."
4991,Jon,Tormund,"Toregg  is welcome to her,I took a vow.She wont mind.Will you, girl?"
4992,Jon,Tormund,"Lord Crow is welcome to steal into my bed any night  he dares.Once hes been gelded, keeping those vows will come much easier for him.Har!"
4993,Jon,Tormund,"You hear that, Toregg?"
4994,Jon,Tormund,"I have one  daughter, dont need another."
4995,Jon,Selyse,"How fares the little monster?Twice as big as when you left us, and thrice as loud.When he wants the teat, you can hear him  wail in Eastwatch."
4996,Jon,Selyse,"So  I brought you Tormund, as I said I would."
4997,Jon,Selyse,Am I to be  returned to my old cell?Your old cell is occupied.
4998,Jon,Selyse,Do you  remember Hardins Tower?The one that looks about to collapse?Its looked that way for a hundred years.
4999,Selyse,Tormund,"No one has  ever called it Hardins Palace.I would choose freedom over comfort every time.Freedom of the castle you shall have, but I regret to say you must remain a captive."
5000,Jon,Tormund,And Wun Wun sleeps in the entry hall.A giant as protector?Even Dalla could not boast of that.
5001,Cotter,Jon,How did you fare with Tormund?
5002,Cotter,Jon,Ask me a year from now.
5003,Cotter,Jon,"None of them are  going to like the taste, I fear.Let me help.You have.You brought me Tormund.I can do more."
5004,Jon,Stannis,"I must inform the queen of this  agreement,You are welcome to come meet her, if you can find it in yourself to bend a knee."
5005,Jon,Stannis,May I laugh when I kneel?You may not.
5006,Melisandre,Stannis,I need his queens  support for what Ive done.
5007,Melisandre,Stannis,"You have my word, Lord Snow.I will be a proper wildling princess for  your queen."
5008,Jon,Satin,"If it please mlord, the lads were wondering."
5009,Jon,Satin,"Or  blood and iron?Peace,Three days hence, Tormund Giantsbane will lead his people through  the Wall."
5010,Jon,Satin,Now back to your duties.
5011,Jon,Satin,I must see Queen  Selyse.
5012,Cellador,Satin,Afterward I will have  letters to write.
5013,Cellador,Clydas,"Then summon  Marsh, Yarwyck, Septon Cellador, Clydas."
5014,Samwell,Satin,The northmen too.
5015,Jon,Satin,"Leathers, you should be there as well.Hobb is baking onion pies,Shall I request that they all join you for supper?"
5016,Jon,Satin,No.Ask them to join me atop the Wall at sunset.
5017,Jon,Satin,"My lady.With me, if you please.The crow commands, the captive must obey."
5018,Jon,Satin,This queen of yours must  be fierce if the legs of grown men give out beneath them when they meet her.
5019,Jon,Satin,"These clothes were given to me by Dalla, I would sooner not get  bloodstains all over them.If words drew blood, you might have cause to fear.I think your clothes are safe enough, my  lady."
5020,Jon,Selyse,I have heard it said that your queen has a great dark beard.
5021,Jon,Selyse,Only a mustache.
5022,Jon,Selyse,You can count the  hairs.How disappointing.
5023,Jon,Patrek,"You are even lovelier than I was told, princess,The queen has told me much and  more of your beauty.How odd, when she has never seen me."
5024,Jon,Patrek,"Up with you now,  ser kneeler.Up, up."
5025,Jon,Patrek,"The wolf stays here, though,"
5026,Selyse,Wun,"Ghost, stay."
5027,Jon,Patchface,"The crow, the crow,Under the sea the crows are white as snow, I know, I know, oh, oh, oh."
5028,Dalla,Selyse,Your Grace.
5029,Dalla,Selyse,"You may rise.If it please Your Grace, may I present the Lady Val?  I know who she is, Lord Snow."
5030,Dalla,Shireen,"You are fortunate that she returned to us before the king my husband, else it might  have gone badly for you.Very badly indeed.Are you the wildling princess?"
5031,Dalla,Shireen,"Some call me that,My sister was  wife to Mance Rayder, the King-Beyond-the-Wall.She died giving him a son.Im a princess too,"
5032,Jon,Shireen,"He was just a bastard, but I liked him.Honestly, Shireen,I am sure the lord commander did not come to hear  about Roberts by-blows.Patchface, be a good fool and take the princess to her room."
5033,Jon,Selyse,"Away, away,Come with me beneath the sea, away,  away, away."
5034,Jon,Selyse,"Your Grace, the leader of the free folk has agreed to my terms."
5035,Jon,Selyse,"It was ever my lord husbands wish to grant sanctuary to  these savage peoples.So long as they keep the kings peace and the kings laws, they are welcome in our  realm."
5036,Jon,Selyse,I am told they have more giants with them.
5037,Jon,Selyse,"Almost two hundred of them, Your Grace.And more than eighty mammoths."
5038,Jon,Selyse,Dreadful creatures.
5039,Jon,Selyse,"Though such beasts might be useful to my lord husband in his battles.That may be, Your Grace,but the mammoths are too big to pass through our gate.Cannot the gate be widened?That  that would be unwise, I think."
5040,Jon,Selyse,If you say so.
5041,Jon,Selyse,"Surely Moles Town is not large enough to contain  how many are they?Four thousand, Your Grace.They will help us garrison our abandoned castles, the better to  defend the Wall.I had been given to understand that those castles were ruins."
5042,Jon,Selyse,At Eastwatch we heard talk of rats and spiders.
5043,Jon,Selyse,"All true, Your Grace  but even ruins offer some shelter.And the Wall will stand  between them and the Others.I see you have considered all this carefully, Lord Snow.I am sure King Stannis will be pleased  when he returns triumphant from his battle."
5044,Jon,Selyse,"Of course,the wildlings must first  acknowledge Stannis as their king and Rhllor as their god."
5045,Jon,Selyse,"Your Grace, forgive me.Those were not  the terms that we agreed to."
5046,Jon,Selyse,A grievous oversight.
5047,Chett,Jon,"Free folk do not kneel,Then they must be knelt,Do that,  Your Grace, and we will rise again at the first chance,Rise with blades in hand."
5048,Chett,Jon,You are insolent.
5049,Chett,Jon,We must find you a husband who can teach you courtesy.
5050,Chett,Jon,"I do not approve, Lord Commander."
5051,Chett,Jon,Mayhaps you might want to reconsider.Your Grace.
5052,Chett,Jon,I am sorry my actions have  displeased you.
5053,Chett,Jon,Do I have your leave to go?You do.At once.
5054,Chett,Jon,You lied about  her beard.
5055,Chett,Jon,  
5056,Chett,Jon,"If I had  given birth to that poor child, I would have given her the gift of mercy long ago."
5057,Chett,Jon,"Princess Shireen is the queens only child.I pity both of them.The child is not clean.If Stannis wins his war, Shireen will stand as heir to the Iron Throne.Then I pity your Seven Kingdoms.The maesters say greyscale is not..."
5058,Chett,Jon,"The child is not clean!She seems a sweet girl.  You know nothing, Jon Snow."
5059,Chett,Jon,I want the monster out of there.
5060,Chett,Jon,You cannot leave them in that same tower as the dead girl.
5061,Jon,Leathers,She is not dead.She is.
5062,Jon,Leathers,Yet death is there.
5063,Jon,Leathers,"I brought you Tormund  Giantsbane.Bring me my monster.If I can, I will.Do.You owe me a debt, Jon Snow."
5064,Jon,Leathers,Lord Snow?
5065,Jon,Leathers,The cage is coming up.I hear it.
5066,Cellador,Jon,"Walk with me,"
5067,Chett,Jacelyn,
5068,Othell,Tormund,There is much we need to do in preparation.
5069,Jon,Othell,"Lord Commander, there are  thousands of......scrawny wildlings, bone weary, hungry, far from home."
5070,Bowen,Jon,"There they are.Four thousand, Tormund claims.Three thousand, I make them, by the fires."
5071,Bowen,Denys,"More than twice that number at Hardhome with the woods witch, we are told.  Jon did not deny it."
5072,Hairy,Jon,Surely the lord commander cannot  mean to allow that  that demon through as well?Not gladly.
5073,Garth,Hairy,"But yes, my lord, him as well."
5074,Jon,Othell,Peace means peace for all.
5075,Jon,Othell,"As well make peace with wolves and carrion crows.Its peaceful in my dungeons,Give the Weeping Man to me.How many rangers has the Weeper killed?"
5076,Jon,Othell,"How many women has he  raped or killed or stolen?Three of mine own ilk,And he blinds the girls he does not take.When a man takes the black, his crimes are forgiven,If we want the free  folk to fight beside us, we must pardon their past crimes as we would for our own.The Weeper will not say the words,He will not wear the cloak.Even other  raiders do not trust him.You need not trust a man to use him."
5077,Bowen,Jon,"We need the  Weeper, and others like him."
5078,Bowen,Jon,"Who knows our foes better  than a man who has fought them?All the Weeper knows is rape and murder,Once past the Wall, the wildlings will have thrice our numbers,And that is  only Tormunds band.Add the Weepers men and those at Hardhome, and they will have the strength to  end the Nights Watch in a single night.Numbers alone do not win a war."
5079,Bowen,Jon,"Half of them are dead on their  feet.I would sooner have them dead in the ground,If it please my lord.It does not please me."
5080,Cellador,Jon,"There are  children in that camp, hundreds of them, thousands.Women as well.Spearwives.Some.Along with mothers and grandmothers, widows and maids  would you condemn them  all to die, my lord?Brothers should not squabble,Let us kneel and pray to the Crone to  light our way to wisdom.Lord Snow,where do you mean to put these wild-lings o yours? declared Old Flint. Jon assured them."
5081,Bowen,Jon,"Men with wives  and children, all orphan girls and any orphan boys below the age of ten, old women, widowed mothers,  any woman who does not care to fight."
5082,Bowen,Jon,"Tormund will take Oakenshield as his seat, to keep him close at  hand."
5083,Bowen,Jon,"If they do not slay us with their swords, they will do so with their mouths.Pray, how does the lord commander propose to feed Tormund and his thousands?"
5084,Bowen,Jon,Through Eastwatch.
5085,Bowen,Jon,"From the riverlands and the stormlands and the Vale of Arryn, from Dorne and the  Reach, across the narrow sea from the Free Cities.And this food will be paid for  how, if I may ask?"
5086,Chett,Jacelyn,
5087,Clydas,Leathers,"We  will ship it all across the narrow sea to be sold in the Free Cities.All the wealth o the wildlings,That should buy you a bushel o barleycorn.Two bushels, might be.Lord Commander, why not demand that the wildlings give up their arms as well?"
5088,Clydas,Leathers,You want the free folk to fight beside you against the common foe.
5089,Jon,Leathers,Or will you  give us sticks to hit them with?
5090,Jon,Weeper,"Tormund Giantsbane will never willingly disarm his people,He is not the Weeping  Man, but he is no craven either.If I had asked that of him, it would have come to blood."
5091,Jon,Othell,"You may put your wildlings in these ruined forts, Lord Snow, but  how will you make them stay?What is there to stop them moving south to fairer, warmer lands?Our lands,Tormund has given me his oath."
5092,Cellador,Othell,The Weeper and their other captains will swear the same or we will not let them pass.
5093,Cellador,Othell,"They will betray us.The Weepers word is worthless,These are godless savages,Even in the south the treachery of wildlings is renowned."
5094,Cellador,Leathers,That battle down below?
5095,Jon,Mance,"The same gods they keep in Winterfell.The gods of the North, since before this Wall was raised,Those are the gods that  Tormund swore by."
5096,Jon,Mance,"I marched with them for  a time, you may recall.I had not forgotten,"
5097,Jon,Mance,"Mance Rayder swore an oath as well,He vowed to wear no crowns, take no wife, father no sons."
5098,Jon,Mance,"It is the remnants of that host that waits beyond the  Wall.Broken remnants.A broken sword can be reforged.A broken sword can kill.The free folk have neither laws nor lords,but they love their children."
5099,Jon,Mance,One hundred boys between the ages of eight and sixteen.
5100,Janos,Jon,The rest will stand hostage for the loyalty of their sires.
5101,Janos,Jon,"Hostages,Tormund has agreed to  this?"
5102,Janos,Jon,"My blood price, he called it,but he will  pay.Aye, and why not?"
5103,Janos,Jon,"Wards, we always called them,  when Winterfell demanded boys of us, but they were hostages, and none the worse for it.None but them whose sires displeased the Kings o Winter,Those came  home shorter by a head.So you tell me, boy  if these wildling friends o yours prove false, do you have  the belly to do what needs be done?"
5104,Janos,Jon,"Tormund Giantsbane knows better than to try me.I may seem a green boy in  your eyes, Lord Norrey, but I am still a son of Eddard Stark."
5105,Janos,Jon,You say these boys will serve as squires.Surely  the lord commander does not mean they will be trained at arms?
5106,Janos,Jon,"No, my lord, I mean to set them to sewing lacy smallclothes."
5107,Janos,Jon,"They shall also churn butter, hew firewood, muck stables, empty chamber pots,  and run messages  and in between they will be drilled with spear and sword and longbow."
5108,Janos,Jon,"The lord commander must pardon my bluntness, but I  have no softer way to say this."
5109,Bowen,Jon,You swore an oath.I know what I swore.
5110,Bowen,Jon,I am the sword in the darkness.
5111,Bowen,Jon,Were those the same words you said when you  took your vows?They were.As the lord commander knows.Are you certain that I have not forgotten some?
5112,Bowen,Jon,How does that part go?
5113,Bowen,Jon,I am the shield that guards the realms of men.
5114,Bowen,Jon,"So tell me, my lord... what are these wildlings, if not men?"
5115,Melisandre,Tormund,"Winter is coming,"
5116,Clydas,Tormund,Save as many as you can.
5117,Bowen,Clydas,"I will do my best, Jon.My lord, I mean.We will need every cart and wagon made ready to transport the free folk to their new homes.Othell, you shall see to that."
5118,Bowen,Clydas,"Aye, Lord Commander.Lord Bowen, you shall collect the tolls."
5119,Bowen,Jon,"Sort it all, count it, see that it reaches Eastwatch safely.Yes, Lord Snow,Ice,and daggers in the dark."
5120,Jaime,Qyburn,"Come at once,Help me."
5121,Jaime,Qyburn,Come at once.
5122,Moelle,Unella,"I am come to hear you tell of all your murders and fornications,"
5123,Moelle,Unella,"Only the innocent know the peace of untroubled sleep.Confess your sins,  and you will sleep like a newborn babe."
5124,Cersei,Unella,"I have sinned,"
5125,Cersei,Unella,I  have sinned most grievously.
5126,Cersei,Unella,"Please, good septa, I beg of you, take me to the High Septon so that I  might confess my crimes and fornications.I will tell him, Your Grace,His High Holiness will be most pleased.Only  through confession and true repentance may our immortal souls be saved."
5127,Moelle,Scolera,"We rejoice to hear it,It will be a great weight off your soul,You will feel much better afterward, Your Grace."
5128,Cersei,Unella,"His High Holiness awaits,"
5129,Cersei,Unella,"Might I be allowed to bathe first?I am in no fit  state to attend him.You may wash later if His High Holiness allows,It is the cleanliness of your  immortal soul that should concern you now, not such vanities of the flesh."
5130,Cersei,Scolera,"It has been so  long since I have had a visitor,Is the king  well?I ask only as a mother, fearful for her child.His Grace is in good health,and well protected, day and night."
5131,Chett,Jacelyn,
5132,Margaery,Tommen,I  never believed those terrible things that were being said of her.
5133,Scolera,Unella,"Was there a trial?Soon,but her brother...Hush."
5134,Scolera,Unella,"You chatter too much, you foolish old woman.It is not for us to speak of such  things."
5135,Scolera,Unella,Pray forgive me.
5136,Cersei,Unella,"Your Grace,I understand that you wish to make confession."
5137,Cersei,Unella,"I do, High Holiness.  "
5138,Cersei,Unella,"Scolera, Moelle, you  have my leave to go."
5139,Cersei,Unella,"Once I have confessed, will I be permitted to...Your Grace shall be dealt with according to your sins."
5140,Cersei,Unella,"Mother  have mercy on me, then."
5141,Cersei,Unella,I confess it.Who?
5142,Cersei,Unella,"Lancel Lannister, my cousin.And Osney Kettleblack."
5143,Osfryd,Osmund,His brothers too.Both of them.
5144,Osmund,Robert,"It does not excuse my sin, High  Holiness, but I was lonely and afraid."
5145,Osmund,Robert,"I did not know who to trust, so I  I used the only means that I had to bind the Kettleblacks to  me.By which you mean your female parts?My flesh."
5146,Robert,Tommen,Yes.
5147,Lancel,Tommen,"Tommen needed men around him I could trust.His Grace was protected by the Kingsguard.The Kingsguard stood by useless as his brother Joffrey died, murdered at his own wedding  feast."
5148,Lancel,Tommen,"Forgive me, High Holiness, but I would open my legs for every man  in Kings Landing if that was what I had to do to keep my children safe.Forgiveness comes only from the gods."
5149,Cersei,Lancel,Did you take him into your bed to win his loyalty as well?Lancel.
5150,Cersei,Lancel,"Lancel  loved me.He was half a boy, but I never doubted his devotion to me or my son.And yet you still corrupted him.I was lonely."
5151,Cersei,Lancel,"I had lost my husband, my son, my lord father."
5152,Chett,Jacelyn,
5153,Cersei,Osney,"These are common sins,The  wickedness of widows is well-known, and all women are wantons at heart, given to using their wiles and  their beauty to work their wills on men.There is no treason here, so long as you did not stray from your  marriage bed whilst His Grace King Robert was still alive.Never,Never, I swear it."
5154,Cersei,Osney,"There are other charges laid against Your Grace, crimes far more  grievous than simple fornications."
5155,Cersei,Margaery,"He further insists that he bore false witness against  Queen Margaery and her cousins, telling tales of fornications, adultery, and high treason, again at your  behest.No,It is not true."
5156,Cersei,Lancel,"Take me to the  sept and I will stand before the Fathers judgment seat and swear the truth of that.In time,You also stand accused of conspiring at the murder of your  own lord husband, our late beloved King Robert, First of His Name."
5157,Cersei,Lancel,Robert was killed by a boar.
5158,Cersei,Lancel,"Am I accused of killing Joffrey too, my own sweet son, my firstborn?No."
5159,Cersei,Stannis,Do you deny it?I deny it.
5160,Cersei,Stannis,"Before gods and men, I deny it."
5161,Cersei,Stannis,"Last of all, and worst of all, there are some who say your children were not  fathered by King Robert, that they are bastards born of incest and adultery.Stannis says that,A lie, a lie, a palpable lie."
5162,Cersei,Stannis,I deny it.
5163,Cersei,Stannis,"Good.Lord Stannis has turned from the truth of the Seven to worship a red demon, and his false faith has no  place in these Seven Kingdoms."
5164,Cersei,Stannis,"Even so,these are  terrible charges, and the realm must know the truth of them."
5165,Cersei,Moelle,I have confessed...
5166,Cersei,Moelle,I  shall ask the Seven to forgive the sins you have confessed and pray that you be found innocent of these  other accusations.
5167,Cersei,Moelle,"I bow to the wisdom of Your High Holiness,but if  I might beg for just one drop of the Mothers mercy, I  it has been so long since I last saw my son,  please It would not be fitting to allow you near the king until  you have been cleansed of all your wickedness."
5168,Moelle,Scolera,One each day.
5169,Moelle,Scolera,You are too kind.Thank you.The Mother is merciful.It is her that you should thank.
5170,Moelle,Unella,"We have all been praying for Your Grace,Yes,and you must feel so much lighter now, clean and innocent as a maid on  the morning of her wedding."
5171,Jaime,Moelle,"I do,I feel reborn,  as if a festering boil has been lanced and now at last I can begin to heal."
5172,Scolera,Unella,"It is good to see you smiling again,His High Holiness said I might have visitors?He did,If Your Grace will tell us whom you wish to see, we will send word  to them."
5173,Baelor,Unella,"My uncle,Ser Kevan Lannister, my fathers brother.Is he in the city?He is,The Lord Regent has taken up residence in the Red Keep.We will  send for him at once.Thank you,"
5174,Kevan,Unella,"Leave us,"
5175,Cersei,Lancel,"Thank you for coming,"
5176,Cersei,Lancel,You should sit.  She did not want to sit.
5177,Cersei,Lancel,  
5178,Cersei,Lancel,  I know.
5179,Kevan,Lancel,"I  was alone, weak."
5180,Kevan,Lancel,"I have  done wicked things, I know, but I could not bear for you to hate me."
5181,Kevan,Lancel,Forgive me.Forgive me.
5182,Cersei,Kevan,"Enough,You are  forgiven."
5183,Cersei,Kevan,"I bring some hard tidings, Cersei."
5184,Cersei,Kevan,Has something happened to Tommen?
5185,Cersei,Kevan,Please tell me that Tommen is well.His Grace is well.He asks about you often.
5186,Cersei,Kevan,"Jaime, then?Is it Jaime?No.Jaime is still in the riverlands, somewhere.Somewhere?"
5187,Cersei,Kevan,"He took Raventree and accepted Lord  Blackwoods surrender,but on his way back to Riverrun he left his tail and went off  with a woman.A woman?"
5188,Cersei,Jaime,What woman?
5189,Cersei,Jaime,Where did they  go?No one knows.
5190,Cersei,Jaime,"The woman may have been the Evenstars  daughter, Lady Brienne."
5191,Jaime,Kevan,"We have had reports of sellswords landing all over the south,Tarth,  the Stepstones, Cape Wrath  where Stannis found the coin to hire a free company I would dearly love  to know."
5192,Cersei,Margaery,"Mace Tyrell does, but he refuses to  bestir himself until this matter with his daughter has been settled."
5193,Kevan,Stannis,"Please, Uncle, take me out of here.How?By force of arms?"
5194,Kevan,Stannis,I would  need to make an abbatoir of this holy place.
5195,Kevan,Stannis,I had no time to raise up a new host.
5196,Kevan,Stannis,"I have  spoken with His High Holiness.He will not release you until you have atoned for your sins.I have confessed.Atoned, I said."
5197,Kevan,Stannis,  
5198,Kevan,Stannis,Never.
5199,Chett,Kevan,"I am a queen, not some dockside whore.No harm would come to you.   she said, more sharply."
5200,Kevan,Tommen,"If that is your wish, you may soon have it granted.His High Holiness is  resolved that you be tried for regicide, deicide, incest, and high treason.Deicide?"
5201,Kevan,Tommen,"When did I kill a god?The High Septon speaks for the Seven here on earth.Strike at him, and you are striking at the  gods themselves."
5202,Kevan,Tommen,It does no good to speak of such   things.
5203,Kevan,Tommen,The time for all that is at trial.
5204,Mace,Tommen,"Who  will try me?The Faith,"
5205,Mace,Tommen,"Grand Maester  Pycelle and Ser Harys Swyft will continue as before, but Paxter Redwyne is now lord admiral and Randyll  Tarly has assumed the duties of justiciar."
5206,Mace,Margaery,Margaery stands accused as well.
5207,Mace,Margaery,How is it that the sparrows freed her and not me?Randyll Tarly insisted.
5208,Cersei,Qyburn,So the High Septon handed the girls over to  Tarlys custody and Lord Randyll swore a holy oath to deliver them for trial when the time comes.And her accusers?
5209,Cersei,Qyburn,"Who holds them?Osney Kettleblack and the Blue Bard are here, beneath the sept."
5210,Cersei,Qyburn,"The rest are in the dungeons under the Red Keep, in  the charge of your man Qyburn."
5211,Cersei,Qyburn,"There is more, worse.Will you sit down?Sit down?"
5212,Cersei,Tyrion,"Tell me.What is it?Myrcella.We have had grave news from Dorne.Tyrion,"
5213,Joffrey,Kevan,"Its him, hes been in Dorne all this  time, and now hes seized my daughter."
5214,Cersei,Kevan,Myrcella was attacked by a Dornish knight named Gerold  Dayne.
5215,Cersei,Kevan,"He slashed her face open, she  Im sorry  she lost an ear.An ear."
5216,Cersei,Doran,He cut off her ear.
5217,Doran,Gerold,"Where was Arys Oakheart?Slain, defending her.Dayne cut him down, its said."
5218,Chett,Jacelyn,Tyrion lost half his nose in the Battle of the Blackwater.
5219,Gerold,Myrcella,"Darkstar, they call him."
5220,Gerold,Tyrion,"Whatever they call him, he is my brothers catspaw."
5221,Myrcella,Trystane,Now I see why.You see Tyrion in every shadow.He is a creature of the shadows.
5222,Cersei,Joffrey,"I feared that the Imp was still in Kings Landing plotting harm to Tommen, but he must have gone  to Dorne instead to kill Myrcella first."
5223,Cersei,Joffrey,I need to be with Tommen.These Kingsguard knights are as useless as nipples on a breastplate.
5224,Cersei,Tommen,"Ser  Arys was killed, you said.At the hands of this man Darkstar, yes.Dead, hes dead, you are certain of that?That is what we have been told.Then there is an empty place amongst the Kingsguard."
5225,Cersei,Tommen,"Tommen must  be protected.Lord Tarly is drawing up a list of worthy knights for your brother to consider, but until Jaime  reappears "
5226,Cersei,Tommen,Tell him who to name and he will  name him.And who would you have him name?
5227,Reznak,Tommen,Qyburn will know.
5228,Reznak,Tommen,"Go to Lord Qyburn on my behalf, bring him a white cloak, and tell him that the time has  come. said Reznak mo Reznak."
5229,Hizdahr,Reznak,"If  His Grace wishes for me to remove myself from court His Radiance,No, no, no, you misunderstand me."
5230,Goghor,Reznak,"Surely  you can understand that, ser."
5231,Goghor,Reznak,Might I know which men His Grace has chosen to protect  him?
5232,Goghor,Khrazz,"Fearsome fighters, who love His Worship well."
5233,Belaquo,Spotted,Heroes all.
5234,Barristan,Hizdahr,May they defend His Grace against all threats.
5235,Belaquo,Reznak,"His Magnificence,Your other duties shall remain unchanged, ser.Should this peace fail, His Radiance would still wish for you to command his forces against the enemies  of our city."
5236,Hizdahr,Reznak,"I am His Graces to command.Not Grace,That style is Westerosi.His Magnificence, His  Radiance, His Worship."
5237,Barristan,Reznak,As you say.
5238,Barristan,Reznak,Then we are done.
5239,Aegon,Daenerys,"She might be flying home,No,She would not do that, ser.She would not go home without us."
5240,Aegon,Barristan,Missandei.
5241,Aegon,Barristan,How long have you been standing there?Not long.This one is sorry if she has disturbed you.
5242,Barristan,Skahaz,Skahaz mo Kandaq wishes  words with you.The Shavepate?You spoke with him?
5243,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"Is he here?In the pyramid?When he wishes.He comes and goes, ser."
5244,Barristan,Hizdahr,Who told you he wants words with me?A Brazen Beast.He wore an owl mask.
5245,Barristan,Missandei,Can you find this owl again?
5246,Barristan,Missandei,"This one can try, ser.Tell him I will speak with  with our friend  after dark, by the stables."
5247,Barristan,Missandei,Make certain it is the  same owl.
5248,Barristan,Missandei,"This one understands.It is said  that the Yunkaii have ringed the city all about with scorpions, to loose iron bolts into the sky should  Drogon return."
5249,Aegon,Barristan,It is no simple thing to slay a dragon in the sky.
5250,Aegon,Missandei,None succeeded.
5251,Aegon,Missandei,"Do you think that they will find her,  ser?The grasslands are so vast, and dragons leave no tracks across the sky.Aggo and Rakharo are blood of her blood  and who knows the Doth raki sea better than  Dothraki?"
5252,Aegon,Missandei,They will find her if she can be found.
5253,Aegon,Barristan,"You love her well, I know.I swear, I shall keep her  safe."
5254,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Keep your shield up,Show me your strokes."
5255,Chett,Jacelyn,
5256,Barristan,Chett,"All quiet, ser,Keep it so."
5257,Barristan,Chett,Have they been fed?
5258,Barristan,Chett,"Aye, ser,A sheep apiece."
5259,Barristan,Skahaz,A cat?
5260,Barristan,Skahaz,"Cats go everywhere,No one ever looks at  them.If Hizdahr should learn that you are here "
5261,Belwas,Skahaz,Do not forget it.
5262,Belwas,Skahaz,I have the poisoner.Who?Hizdahrs confectioner.
5263,Daenerys,Hizdahr,One for every year she lived.Why?
5264,Daenerys,Hizdahr,The Sons had stopped their killing.  
5265,Daenerys,Skahaz,She  should have marched to Astapor.
5266,Daenerys,Skahaz,That was before.
5267,Bloodbeard,Daenerys,Volantis has launched its fleet against us.Volantis.
5268,Hizdahr,Reznak,You  are certain?Certain.
5269,Daenerys,Skahaz,Khrazz will eat your heart.
5270,Daenerys,Skahaz,Daenerys must be told.Find her first.
5271,Grey Worm,Skahaz,We cannot wait for her.
5272,Brea,Grey Worm,Speak to  him.To what end?
5273,Brea,Grey Worm,Life.
5274,Brea,Grey Worm,We must strike before the Volantenes arrive.
5275,Barristan,Skahaz,"Hizdahrs peace has lulled us to sleep, they believe.Daenerys signed that peace,It is not for us to break it without her leave.And if she is dead?"
5276,Barristan,Skahaz,"What then, ser?"
5277,Barristan,Skahaz,Her children.
5278,Daenerys,Skahaz,Mother.
5279,Daenerys,Skahaz,What of  Hizdahr?
5280,Daenerys,Skahaz,Her husband.Her poisoner.
5281,Daenerys,Skahaz,Where is your proof?The crown he wears is proof enough.
5282,Daenerys,Hizdahr,"Once he had it, why share the rule?"
5283,Hizdahr,Joffrey,"This  this confectioner, I want to question him  myself.Alone.Is it that way?"
5284,Joffrey,Skahaz,"Done, then.Question him as  you like.If  if what he has to say convinces me  if I join with you in this, this  I would require your  word that no harm would come to Hizdahr zo Loraq until  unless  it can be proved that he had some  part in this.Why do you care so much for Hizdahr, old man?If he is not the Harpy, he is the Harpys  firstborn son.All I know for certain is that he is the queens consort.I want your word on this, or I swear, I  shall oppose you."
5285,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"My word, then."
5286,Hizdahr,Skahaz,I want to pull his entrails out and show them  to him before I let him die.
5287,Barristan,Victarion,"I will talk to Grey Worm,"
5288,Jeyne,Victarion,"Storms,Three big storms,  and foul winds between."
5289,Euron,Victarion,He does not mean for us to return.
5290,Chett,Jacelyn,
5291,Chett,Jacelyn,"If the  Crows Eye can make mutes, so can I."
5292,Chett,Jacelyn,More ships will come.
5293,Chett,Jacelyn,I will have my fleet.
5294,Chett,Victarion,"Fifty-four,"
5295,Chett,Victarion,I will want words with the Vole.
5296,Chett,Victarion,Shark is to remain here to tell any stragglers  where weve gone.
5297,Chett,Victarion,"The fleet departs upon  the morrow, on the evening tide.As you command,but another day might mean another ship, lord Captain.Aye."
5298,Chett,Victarion,Our victory will be that much the sweeter if we win it with a smaller fleet.
5299,Euron,Nute,"Aye, Captain,"
5300,Nute,Victarion,Is it still to be Meereen?Where else?The dragon queen awaits me in Meereen.
5301,Daenerys,Euron,dragons
5302,Euron,Victarion,Go see that my commands are carried out.And find the maester wherever he is hiding and send him to my cabin.Aye.
5303,Euron,Victarion,"Good,Good.And now the hand."
5304,Euron,Victarion,"Grief is the last,The rest are lost or late or sunk."
5305,Chett,Victarion,Some will say I should not have split the fleet.
5306,Chett,Jacelyn,Like leaves strewn across the Summer Sea.
5307,Chett,Victarion,"Four-and-fifty ships is too few,but I can wait no longer.The only  waythe only way to do this is to take the slavers  unawares, as once I did at Lannisport."
5308,Chett,Victarion,"Shell be my wife, and you will be her  maid."
5309,Chett,Victarion,"Enter,and bar the door."
5310,Chett,Victarion,May I see your hand?
5311,Chett,Victarion,"Here is how you put an end to that,"
5312,Chett,Victarion,"My hand is here,Look all you like."
5313,Chett,Victarion,I will need to let the pus again.
5314,Chett,Victarion,It may be that  I will need to take your hand.
5315,Chett,Victarion,"If you take my hand, I will kill you."
5316,Chett,Victarion,Get on with it.There will be pain.Always.
5317,Chett,Victarion,Do it.
5318,Chett,Victarion,Cut deeper.
5319,Chett,Victarion,Show me the blood.
5320,Chett,Victarion,Take that filth and go.
5321,Chett,Victarion,She can bind me up.
5322,Euron,Victarion,"If not Serry, who?"
5323,Euron,Victarion,Could that mouse of a maester be doing this?
5324,Euron,Victarion,"He might be using one to poison me, hoping I will let him cut my  hand off."
5325,Euron,Victarion,"The Crows Eye gave him to me,  wretched creature that he is."
5326,Euron,Victarion,"If this is his revenge, he wrongs me.It was Euron  who insisted he be taken, to keep him from making mischief with his birds."
5327,Aeron,Victarion,"Says hes brought us a wizard, Captain.Says he fished him from the sea.A wizard?"
5328,Moqorro,Victarion,Show me this wizard.
5329,Moqorro,Victarion,"Lord Captain,this is Moqorro."
5330,Aeron,Victarion,"We found him clinging to a broken spar,He was ten days in the water after his  ship went down.If he were ten days in the water, hed be dead, or mad from drinking seawater."
5331,Aeron,Victarion,You claim to be a sorcerer?
5332,Aeron,Victarion,"No, Captain,"
5333,Aeron,Victarion,"I am but a humble slave of Rhllor, the Lord of Light."
5334,Euron,Victarion,"A pink priest,A demon priest,"
5335,Euron,Victarion,"Might be his robes caught fire, so he jumped  overboard to put them out,"
5336,Moqorro,Victarion,"Send him down to the Drowned God before he brings a curse upon us,A ship gone down, and only him clinging to the wreckage,Wheres the  crew?"
5337,Moqorro,Victarion,What happened to this ship?A storm.
5338,Euron,Victarion,Why do you say this man is a wizard?
5339,Euron,Victarion,"I see  only a ragged red priest.I thought the same, lord Captain  but he knows things.He knew that we made for Slavers Bay  before any man could tell him, and he knew you would be here, off this island."
5340,Euron,Victarion,"Lord Captain, he told me  he told me you would surely die unless we brought him to you.That I would die?"
5341,Euron,Victarion,"The sorcerers cursed the captain,"
5342,Euron,Victarion,Cut his throat!Kill him before he calls his demons down on us!
5343,Chett,Victarion,NO!
5344,Chett,Victarion,Stand back!
5345,Chett,Victarion,"The rest of you, about  your duties."
5346,Chett,Victarion,"Be quiet, woman.Wine for both of us."
5347,Chett,Victarion,"Did the Vole speak  true?You saw my death?That, and more.Where?"
5348,Chett,Victarion,Will I die in battle?
5349,Chett,Victarion,"If you lie to me, I will  split your head open like a melon and let the monkeys eat your brains.Your death is with us now, my lord.Give me your hand.My hand.What do you know of my hand?I have seen you in the nightfires, Victarion Greyjoy.You come striding through the flames stern  and fierce, your great axe dripping blood, blind to the tentacles that grasp you at wrist and neck and  ankle, the black strings that make you dance.Dance?"
5350,Moqorro,Victarion,"Your nightfires lie.I was not made for dancing, and I am no mans  puppet."
5351,Moqorro,Victarion,Here.Is this what you  wanted?
5352,Moqorro,Victarion,"He had a rose on his shield, the man  who gave this to me.I scratched my hand on a thorn.Even the smallest scratch can prove mortal, lord Captain, but if you will allow me, I will heal  this."
5353,Moqorro,Victarion,"But when we are done, your hand  will be returned to you."
5354,Moqorro,Victarion,"I am ironborn,  priest."
5355,Moqorro,Victarion,"You will have what you require  but if you fail, and my hand is not healed, I will  cut your throat myself and give you to the sea."
5356,Moqorro,Victarion,So be it.
5357,Moqorro,Victarion,"That one.Cut his throat and  throw him in the sea, and the winds will favor us all the way to Meereen."
5358,Sweets,Yezzan,"The pale mare,"
5359,Penny,Sweets,"My arts will not avail here,The noble Yezzans life is in the hands of  the gods."
5360,Sweets,Tyrion,Bring him water.
5361,Sweets,Tyrion,"Clean fresh water, as much as he will  drink.Not river water,By no means."
5362,Penny,Sweets,Is Yezzan going to die?
5363,Penny,Sweets,"We are all going to die.Of the flux, I meant."
5364,Penny,Sweets,Yezzan must not die.
5365,Penny,Sweets,"Some masters free their slaves when they die,"
5366,Penny,Sweets,"Only favorites.They free them from the woes of the  world, to accompany their beloved master to the grave and serve him in the afterlife."
5367,Penny,Sweets,"The silver queen......is dead,Forget her!"
5368,Sweets,Tyrion,"Shes drowned in  that Dothraki sea.You cant drown in grass,If we were free,we could find the  queen."
5369,Penny,Tyrion,"This particular dragon has already evinced a fondness for roast pork.And roast dwarf is twice as tasty.It was just a wish,We could sail away.There are ships again, now that  the war is over."
5370,Penny,Tyrion,"We could sail to Qarth,The streets are paved with jade there, my brother  always said."
5371,Penny,Tyrion,"When we perform in Qarth, gold and  silver will rain down on us, youll see.Some of those ships out on the bay are Qartheen,Lomas Longstrider  saw the walls of Qarth."
5372,Sweets,Yezzan,I have gone as far east as I intend to go.
5373,Sweets,Yezzan,Yezzan must live.
5374,Sweets,Yezzan,The master will recover.
5375,Sweets,Tyrion,The  healer said he needs fresh water.We will see to that.That is good of you.
5376,Tyrion,Yezzan,"Penny, come with me."
5377,Penny,Yezzan,"Water will help the master,Thats what the healer said, it must be so.Sweet  fresh water.Sweet fresh water didnt help Nurse."
5378,Nurse,Tyrion,No.A Lannister  always pays his debts.
5379,Penny,Yezzan,"If Yezzan lives to see the sunrise, Ill be stunned."
5380,Penny,Yezzan,What will happen to us?He has heirs.Nephews.
5381,Scar,Yezzan,One of them may inherit us.Or we  could end up back on the auction block.No.
5382,Scar,Yezzan,Not that.Please.It is not a prospect I relish either.
5383,Tyrion,Yezzan,"Scar,"
5384,Scar,Yezzan,And be quick about it.
5385,Scar,Tyrion,"What did you say,  dwarf?Who do you think you are?You know who I am."
5386,Scar,Tyrion,Now do as I told you.
5387,Scar,Tyrion,"Go on, Scar,and be quick about it. Scar said."
5388,Scar,Tyrion,"Slaves,  is what I see.You wear a collar round your neck the same as me."
5389,Scar,Tyrion,Yezzans collar.Not yours.
5390,Penny,Tyrion,"Sweets said the master must have water,Sweets can go fuck himself."
5391,Penny,Tyrion,We dont take commands from that freak  neither.
5392,Scar,Tyrion,"The w-water,Not river water, the healer said.Clean, fresh well water."
5393,Scar,Tyrion,You go for it.And be quick about it.Us?
5394,Penny,Tyrion,Waters heavy.
5395,Penny,Scar,"Can we  can we take the mule cart?Take your legs.Well need to make a dozen trips.Make a hundred trips.Its no shit to me.Just the two of us  we wont be able to carry all the water that the master needs.Take your bear,Fetching water is about all that one is good for."
5396,Scar,Tyrion,"As you say, master."
5397,Scar,Tyrion,"Morgo, bring the keys."
5398,Penny,Tyrion,"You know what happens to slaves who try to escape.Bring the pails,"
5399,Jorah,Tyrion,"Youre to help them  carry water,"
5400,Penny,Tyrion,"Come,"
5401,Chett,Tyrion,"Death comes out of the dragons  mouth,but death does not go in that way."
5402,Chett,Haldon,The Rains of Castamere.
5403,Chett,Haldon,"I know  what I saw,"
5404,Penny,Tyrion,"I was up in the purple, so I didnt think the dragon was like to trouble me.The queen climbed onto the dragons back and flew away,She tried,"
5405,Penny,Tyrion,I know a girl who knows a man who saw her die.
5406,Penny,Tyrion,"No  corpse was found,"
5407,Penny,Tyrion,"What would you know about it?They were there,Its them, the jousting dwarfs, the ones who tilted  for the queen."
5408,Penny,Tyrion,Youre the ones who  rode the pigs.
5409,Penny,Tyrion,The sow I ride is actually my sister.
5410,Daenerys,Tyrion,"The pity is, once you get to know her, youll want to kiss her again to turn her back."
5411,Daenerys,Tyrion,"You saw her, then,You saw the queen.Is she as beautiful as they say?"
5412,Daenerys,Penny,"The queen watched us tilt,but that was the only  time we saw her.You must have seen the dragon,"
5413,Nurse,Tyrion,Was there a dragon?
5414,Nurse,Tyrion,All I know is that no dead queens were found.
5415,Nurse,Tyrion,"Ah, they found corpses by the hundred."
5416,Chett,Tyrion,"Might be they did but decided to say elsewise, to keep you slaves quiet.Us slaves?"
5417,Chett,Tyrion,"You wear a collar too.Ghazdors collar,Known him since we was born."
5418,Chett,Tyrion,"Man has the right master,  thats better."
5419,Tyrion,Yezzan,Ghazdor the Great-hearted?
5420,Tyrion,Yezzan,Our master Yezzan has often spoken of his  wits.
5421,Penny,Tyrion,"Nurse always comes for Yezzans water,  with four men and a mule cart."
5422,Tyrion,Yezzan,"The mule died,So did Nurse, poor man."
5423,Tyrion,Yezzan,May I have two pails full?As you like.
5424,Penny,Tyrion,"This way,"
5425,Penny,Tyrion,Thats not how we came.We dont want to breathe that smoke.Its full of malign humors.
5426,Penny,Tyrion,I need to rest.As you wish.
5427,Jorah,Penny,"I could do that for you,I know where the knots are."
5428,Jorah,Tyrion,"A few more  beatings and youll be uglier than I am, Mormont.Tell me, is there any fight left in you?"
5429,Penny,Tyrion,"Enough  to crack your neck, Imp.Good."
5430,Penny,Tyrion,"This way, then."
5431,Penny,Tyrion,No.Its to the left.
5432,Penny,Tyrion,Thats the Harridan there.And thats the Wicked Sister.
5433,Penny,Tyrion,"Trust me,My  way is quicker."
5434,Nurse,Penny,The lions are hungry.
5435,Penny,Tyrion,"The queen should pay for meat.You take that up with her the next time she holds court,"
5436,Penny,Tyrion,Were going the wrong way.Were not.
5437,Jorah,Tyrion,"Those are the tents we want, there.The Second Sons?"
5438,Jorah,Tyrion,"If you think to find help there, you  dont know Brown Ben Plumm.Oh, I do."
5439,Jorah,Penny,"He likes to let his opponent take the risks whilst he sits back and keeps his  options open, reacting to the battle as it takes shape.Battle?What battle?"
5440,Penny,Tyrion,We have to get back.
5441,Scar,Tyrion,"And Pretty Pig and Crunch are there.Sweets will see that they are taken care of,"
5442,Penny,Scar,Nurse  is dead and Yezzans dying.
5443,Penny,Tyrion,We will never have a better  chance than now.No.
5444,Penny,Tyrion,Theyll  never let us leave the camp.We havent left the camp.
5445,Penny,Tyrion,"What do we have here?And what have you got in those pails?Water,if it please you.Beer would please me better."
5446,Penny,Tyrion,"You lost, dwarf?"
5447,Penny,Tyrion,Were here to join your company.
5448,Penny,Tyrion,We got fools enough in this company.Why would we want three more?
5449,Penny,Tyrion,A runaway slave is what I see.
5450,Penny,Tyrion,Whose collar?The Yellow Whales.
5451,Baelor,Bronn,"These are the dwarfs Ben tried to buy,but the big one  best bring him too."
5452,Penny,Tyrion,"Ooh, mine has teats,"
5453,Penny,Tyrion,"Just bring her,"
5454,Penny,Tyrion,Captain.We caught them creeping into camp.
5455,Penny,Tyrion,"Runaways,With pails.Pails?"
5456,Chett,Jacelyn,"Back to your posts,  boys."
5457,Penny,Tyrion,"Come for another  game of cyvasse, Yollo?If you wish."
5458,Penny,Tyrion,A man after mine  own heart.
5459,Penny,Tyrion,Why are you here?To make your dreams come true.
5460,Chett,Tyrion,Im sick of tinkling when I tinkle.I want no trouble with your noble master.Yezzan has more urgent matters to concern him than three missing slaves.
5461,Tyrion,Viserys,A small risk for a great gain.
5462,Tyrion,Viserys,Theyve brought the sickness amongst us.Into our very tents.
5463,Tyrion,Viserys,"Shall I cut his head off, Captain?We can toss the rest in  a latrine pit."
5464,Tyrion,Viserys,"Do be careful with my head,You dont want to get any of my blood on you."
5465,Tyrion,Viserys,"And youll want to boil our clothes, or burn them.Ive a mind to burn them with you still in them, Yollo.That is not my name."
5466,Tyrion,Viserys,"You have known that since you first set eyes on me.Might be.I know you as well, my lord,Youre less purple and more brown than the Plumms  at home, but unless your names a lie, youre a westerman, by blood if not by birth."
5467,Tyrion,Viserys,"The queens dragons  were fond of you, were they not?"
5468,Tyrion,Viserys,Who told you that?No one.
5469,Chett,Viserys,"Not only do I know that  the queens dragons took to you, but I know why.My mother said my father had a drop of dragon blood.Two drops."
5470,Jorah,Tyrion,"Fickle cunts, the lot of them, and  Cersei is the worst."
5471,Jorah,Tyrion,"Could deliver you alive and wriggling, then.Or pop your  head into a jar and pickle it.Or throw in with me.Thats the wisest move."
5472,Jorah,Tyrion,"I was born a second son.This  company is my destiny. The Second Sons have no place for mummers,Its fighters  we need.Ive brought you one."
5473,Jorah,Tyrion,That creature?
5474,Jorah,Tyrion,"An ugly brute, but scars alone dont make a Second Son."
5475,Jorah,Tyrion,"Lord Plumm, who are these two friends of yours?The pink  one is annoying."
5476,Jorah,Kasporio,Inkpots is the company paymaster.
5477,Jorah,Kasporio,A nasty piece of work.
5478,Jorah,Kasporio,Jorah Mormont?
5479,Jorah,Kasporio,Must we  still call you ser?
5480,Jorah,Kasporio,"Give me a sword and you can call me  what you like, Ben."
5481,Kasporio,Tyrion,You  she sent you away I came back.
5482,Kasporio,Tyrion,You can talk of old times later  after I am done  explaining why my head would be of more use to you upon my shoulders.
5483,Bronn,Shagga,"Ask  Timett, son of Timett.And who would they be?"
5484,Bronn,Shagga,Good men who pledged me their  swords and prospered greatly by that service.
5485,Bronn,Shagga,"Oh, very well, I lied about the good part.Theyre bloodthirsty bastards, like you lot.Might be,Or might be you just made up some names."
5486,Bronn,Shagga,Is that a womans name?His teats are big enough.
5487,Bronn,Shagga,"My throat  is dry as an old bone, and I can see that I have a deal of talking to do."
5488,Jon,Scar,"Stand fast,Throw them back."
5489,Jon,Scar,"Flame,feed them flame,"
5490,Jon,Scar,"Snow,"
5491,Jon,Robb,"I am the Lord of Winterfell,"
5492,Jon,Robb,"Snow,"
5493,Denys,Jon,"Corn,King,Snow, Jon Snow, Jon Snow."
5494,Bowen,Tormund,"All is in readiness,If the wildlings uphold the  terms of the bargain, all will go as youve commanded."
5495,Bowen,Tormund,"Remember,"
5496,Bowen,Tormund,"If blood should be shed today, it had best not  be one of us who strikes the first blow, or I swear by the old gods and the new that I will have the head  of the man who strikes it.As you command,It  will be done,Yes, my lord."
5497,Chett,Jon,How goes the restoration work?
5498,Chett,Jon,"Ten more years should do it,Place was overrun with  rats when we moved in."
5499,Chett,Jon,Theres days I want the rats back.How do you find serving under Iron Emmett?
5500,Chett,Jon,"Mostly its Black Maris serving under  him, mlord."
5501,Jon,Satin,"Anyway I never knew their mothers, on my honor."
5502,Jon,Satin,"I do like me a nice runny egg.If it please mlord, dont let the wildlings eat all our chickens."
5503,Jon,Satin,"We have a good day for this, it would seem,A bright day, warm and sunny.The Wall will weep."
5504,Jon,Satin,"A bad sign, you ask me."
5505,Jon,Satin,"And if it were to snow?A worse sign.What sort of weather would you prefer?The sort they keep indoors,If it please mlord, I should get back to my  mules."
5506,Jon,Satin,More than I can say for them spearwives.
5507,Jon,Selyse,"Open the gate,OPEN THE GATE!"
5508,Toregg,Tormund,Har!
5509,Toregg,Tormund,"Guards, is it?Now wheres the trust in that, crow?You brought more men than I did.So I did."
5510,Jon,Tormund,They need to learn that the Nights  Watch is naught tbe feared.
5511,Jon,Tormund,Naught to be feared?
5512,Jon,Tormund,"Ghost, stay.You are a black-hearted bastard, Lord Crow."
5513,Jon,Tormund,"Your blood  price, Lord Crow,I hope the wailing o their poor mothers dont haunt your dreams  at night."
5514,Qhorin,Tormund,"The boy there is the son of Soren Shieldbreaker,Him with the red  hair, hes Gerrick Kingsbloods get."
5515,Qhorin,Tormund,"The line o  Redbeards little brother, you want it true."
5516,Qhorin,Tormund,"One was sired by Harle the Huntsman, tother by Harle  the Handsome, both on the same woman."
5517,Qhorin,Tormund,"I was you, Id send one to Eastwatch  and tother to your Shadow Tower.The Great Walrus?"
5518,Jon,Tormund,"They do not look like brothers,Half-brothers, born o different mothers."
5519,Tormund,Varamyr,"Had a son in every village, that one.That ones a whelp of Varamyr Sixskins."
5520,Tormund,Varamyr,"The skinchanger.Aye, he was that."
5521,Jon,Rory,No ones seen him since  the battle.
5522,Big,Tormund,Do  these two have famous fathers?Har!
5523,Big,Tormund,Picked by lot.Theyre girls.Are they?
5524,Big,Tormund,"Me and Lord Crow made a  wager on which o you has the biggest member.Pull them breeches down, give us a look."
5525,Big,Tormund,"You leave us alone, Tormund Giantstink.You let us go.Har!"
5526,Big,Tormund,"A  spearwife in the making, her."
5527,Emmett,Tormund,Go find them something girly to put on before  Lord Snow wets his smallclothes.Ill need two boys to take their places.Hows that?
5528,Emmett,Tormund,"A hostage is a hostage, seems to me."
5529,Emmett,Tormund,"Well,  most fathers."
5530,Emmett,Tormund,Did Mance ever sing of Brave Danny Flint?Not as I recall.Who was he?A girl who dressed up like a boy to take the black.
5531,Emmett,Tormund,What happened  to her wasnt.
5532,Emmett,Tormund,Ill send the girls to  Long Barrow.
5533,Emmett,Tormund,"Nasty birds, you crows."
5534,Emmett,Tormund,"Two more boys, then.Youll have  them."
5535,Jon,Tormund,"My son Dryn.Youll see hes well taken care of, crow, or Ill cook  your black liver up and eat it."
5536,Jon,Tormund,"Hell serve as  my own page,Hear that, Dryn?See that you dont get above yourself."
5537,Jon,Tormund,He bites.
5538,Tormund,Ygritte,"You know nothing, Jon Snow,"
5539,Tormund,Ygritte,"You might have sent the women first,The mothers and the maids."
5540,Jon,Tormund,"Aye, I might have."
5541,Jon,Tormund,"A few fighters on tother side, well, that way the gate stays open, dont it?"
5542,Jon,Tormund,"I  bought your bloody horse, Jon Snow."
5543,Jon,Tormund,We trust you just as much as you trust us.
5544,Jon,Tormund,"You  wanted warriors, didnt you?"
5545,Jon,Tormund,Every one worth six o your black crows.
5546,Jon,Tormund,"So long as they save those weapons for our common foe, I am content.Gave you my word on it, didnt I?"
5547,Jon,Tormund,"Strong as iron, tis."
5548,Gerrick,Jon,"What Tormund swore, I swear,Sorens axe is yours, Jon Snow, if ever you have  need of such."
5549,Gerrick,Jon,"They will make fine wives,  and give their husbands strong sons of royal blood,Like their father, they are descended  from Raymun Redbeard, who was King-Beyond-the-Wall."
5550,Gerrick,Selyse,"Three princesses, each lovelier than the last,I will see that they are presented to the queen."
5551,Jon,Tormund,"Be wary o that lot, Jon Snow,A savage folk.The men are bad, the  women worse."
5552,Jon,Tormund,Here.
5553,Jon,Tormund,Drink deep.
5554,Jon,Tormund,"Youre a good man, Tormund Giantsbabe.For a wildling.Better than most, might be.Not so good as some."
5555,Jon,Tormund,"You need a bigger gate,Too bloody slow this way."
5556,Joramun,Tormund,Id give it a nice toot and wed climb through the rubble.Melisandre burned the Horn of Joramun.Did she?
5557,Joramun,Tormund,"She burned that fine big horn, aye."
5558,Jon,Joramun,"If we had, every kneeler in your Seven Kingdoms  would have chunks o ice to cool his wine all summer."
5559,Mance,Tormund,"A snow sky,"
5560,Toregg,Tormund,"Tormund,tell me of our foe."
5561,Toregg,Tormund,"Not here,not this side o your Wall."
5562,Chett,Toregg,"Theyre never far, you know."
5563,Chett,Toregg,"Might be you dont see them, but theyre always clinging to your heels.Did they trouble you on your way south?They never came in force, if thats your meaning, but they were with us all the same, nibbling  at our edges."
5564,Chett,Jacelyn, Tormund turned his face away.
5565,Jon,Tormund,You know nothing.
5566,Jon,Samwell,"Shadows with teeth  air so cold it hurts to breathe, like a knife inside your  chest  you do not know, you cannot know  can your sword cut cold?"
5567,Jon,Tormund,"You are not wrong,I do not know.And if the gods are good, I never will.The gods are seldom good, Jon Snow."
5568,Jon,Tormund,The clouds roll in.
5569,Toregg,Tormund,Look.
5570,Toregg,Tormund,Ride back to the camp and get them moving.
5571,Toregg,Tormund,You  hear?I hear.
5572,Toregg,Tormund,"You need a bigger gate,"
5573,Toregg,Tormund,"Toregg,Burning the dead."
5574,Toregg,Tormund,Toregg knows what to do.
5575,Toregg,Tormund,"My rear guard,You crows have rangers."
5576,Jon,Tormund,Them I left in camp in case we were attacked  before we all got out.Your best men.Or my worst.Every man o them has killed a crow.
5577,Jon,Tormund,Borroq.
5578,Jon,Tormund,A skinchanger.
5579,Jon,Tormund,No!
5580,Jon,Tormund,"Ghost, down."
5581,Jon,Tormund,"Stay!Boars and wolves,Best keep that beast o yours locked up tonight.Ill see that  Borroq does the same with his pig."
5582,Jon,Tormund,"Thems the last, and none too  soon."
5583,Jon,Tormund,"Time I had a look at whats on tother side of all that ice.You go ahead,I mean to be the last one through the ice.I will join you at the  feast.Feast?"
5584,Jon,Toregg,Now thats a word I like to hear.
5585,Jon,Rory,"Brother,Youd best go on.We are about to close the gate.You do that,You close it good and tight.Theyre coming, crow."
5586,Jon,Rory,"Thats done, then,"
5587,Bowen,Jon,"Three  thousand one hundred and nineteen wildlings passed through the gate today,Sixty of your hostages were sent off to Eastwatch and the Shadow Tower after theyd been fed."
5588,Bowen,Jon,"The rest remain with us.Not for long,Tormund means to lead his own folk to Oakenshield within a  day or two.The rest will follow, as soon as we sort where to put them.As you say, Lord Snow."
5589,Clydas,Jon,Send him in.
5590,Clydas,Jon,"Beg pardon, Lord  Commander.I know you must be weary, but I thought you would want to see this at once.You did well."
5591,Clydas,Cotter,"Is it grievous, my lord?"
5592,Clydas,Cotter,Grievous  enough.
5593,Chett,Jacelyn,
5594,Hizdahr,Reznak,Quiet!
5595,Hizdahr,Reznak,Please!  
5596,Hizdahr,Reznak,"Is our mother dead?No, no, no,Queen Daenerys will return to Meereen in her own time in all  her might and majesty.  "
5597,Hizdahr,Reznak,"The queen is not dead,Her  bloodriders have been dispatched across the Skahazadhan to find Her Grace and return her to her loving  lord and loyal subjects."
5598,Barristan,Hizdahr,Queen Daenerys shall be found.
5599,Hizdahr,Reznak,"Wise Masters, you honor us."
5600,Bloodbeard,Hizdahr,  
5601,Bloodbeard,Khrazz,Hes dead.He wont bite.
5602,Barristan,Bloodbeard,Admiral Groleo.
5603,Groleo,Yellow,"This,this is not  we are not pleased, this  what is the meaning of  this  this I have the honor to bear this message  from the council of masters."
5604,Groleo,Yellow,"It is here written, Seven entered Meereen to sign  the peace accords and witness the celebratory games at the Pit of Daznak."
5605,Groleo,Jhogo,Blood must pay for blood.
5606,Barristan,Groleo,"Your Grace,If it please you to recall, the noble Yurkhaz died by  happenstance."
5607,Barristan,Hizdahr,He was old.Who is this who speaks without the kings leave?
5608,Hizdahr,Reznak,Must  the lords of Yunkai attend to the natterings of guards?
5609,Hizdahr,Reznak,"Yurkhaz zo Yunzak was your supreme commander,Which of you speaks for Yunkai now?All of us,The council of masters."
5610,Hizdahr,Reznak,Then all of you bear the responsibility for this breach of our  peace.
5611,Hizdahr,Reznak,Our peace has not been breached.
5612,Barristan,Hizdahr,"To show our good faith, we return three of your hostages."
5613,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Sister,Cousins."
5614,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Remove  that from our sight.The admiral was a man of the sea,Mayhaps Your Magnificence  might ask the Yunkaii to return his body to us, so we may bury him beneath the waves?"
5615,Barristan,Reznak,"If it please Your Radiance, this shall be done.A sign of  our respect."
5616,Barristan,Reznak,"Meaning no offense, yet it seems to me that Her  Worship Queen Daenerys gave you  ah  seven hostages.   announced the Yunkish lord in the breastplate, "
5617,Bloodbeard,Reznak,The dragons 
5618,Bloodbeard,Reznak,No true peace is possible whilst they live.
5619,Bloodbeard,Reznak,Her Magnificence Queen Daenerys is Mother of Dragons.  Bloodbeards scorn cut him off.
5620,Bloodbeard,Reznak,Weeds grow through her  broken skull.
5621,Bloodbeard,Hizdahr,"I must consult my council.This court is  done.All kneel for His Magnificence Hizdahr zo Loraq, Fourteenth of That Ancient Name, King of  Meereen, Scion of Ghis, Octarch of the Old Empire, Master of the Skahazadhan, Consort to Dragons and  Blood of the Harpy,"
5622,Daenerys,Quentyn,"Your fathers court was never half so lively,Prince Quentyn,Might I beg a word?"
5623,Gerris,Quentyn,Ser Barristan.
5624,Gerris,Quentyn,My chambers are one level down.
5625,Gerris,Quentyn,"It is not my place to counsel you, Prince Quentyn  but if I were you, I would not return to  my chambers.You and your friends should go down the steps and leave."
5626,Gerris,Quentyn,Leave the pyramid?Leave the city.Return to Dorne.
5627,Barristan,Gerris,"Our arms and armor are back in our apartments,Not to mention most of the coin that we have left.Swords can be replaced,I can provide you with coin enough for passage  back to Dorne."
5628,Gerris,Quentyn,He frowned.
5629,Gerris,Quentyn,Should we be frightened of Hizdahr zo Loraq?
5630,Gerris,Quentyn,"They sent him a head, and he did nothing."
5631,Gerris,Quentyn,A prince does well to think before he acts.
5632,Gerris,Quentyn,  
5633,Gerris,Quentyn,Why are you still here?
5634,Gerris,Quentyn,The marriage pact...
5635,Barristan,Quentyn,"I have no wish to salt your wounds, but Her Grace has a new husband and an old  paramour, and seems to prefer the both of them to you."
5636,Barristan,Belwas,This Ghiscari lordling is no fit consort for the queen of  the Seven Kingdoms.That is not for you to judge.
5637,Belwas,Blue,"That day at Daznaks Pit, some of the food in the royal box was poisoned."
5638,Blue,Quentyn,He may yet die.
5639,Blue,Quentyn,Poison  meant for Daenerys?Her or Hizdahr.
5640,Barristan,Quentyn,Who better than a suitor the queen spurned?
5641,Barristan,Quentyn,"Me?  That was the truth, or he is a master mummer. said Ser Barristan. suggested Gerris Drinkwater.The queens  paramour,That is what you call them down in Dorne, is it not?"
5642,Barristan,Daario,Prince Lewyn was my Sworn Brother.
5643,Barristan,Daario,"He did not feel there was any shame in that.No,but Daario would kill Hizdahr in a heartbeat if he dared,But not with  poison."
5644,Hizdahr,Quentyn,"If His Grace needs a poisoner, he will look  to you."
5645,Hizdahr,Quentyn,"If you must remain in Meereen, you would do well to stay  away from court and hope Hizdahr forgets you,but a ship for Volantis would be  wiser, my prince."
5646,Hizdahr,Quentyn,"Barristan the Bold, they call  you.Some do."
5647,Gerris,Quentyn,"A boy,A bold boy."
5648,Gerris,Quentyn,"What name do you think they will give me, should I return to Dorne without Daenerys?"
5649,Gerris,Quentyn,Quentyn the Cautious?
5650,Gerris,Quentyn,Quentyn the Quail?
5651,Gerris,Quentyn,"Quentyn the Wise,"
5652,Meris,Quentyn,"Beans pulled a blade and proposed a wager to determine if deserters had bellies full of yellow  slime,"
5653,Meris,Quentyn,"When I told him he slipped the knife away and asked if I was drunk or  mad.Let him think what he wants, so long as he delivers the message,Hell do that much."
5654,Archibald,Barristan,We should find a ship for Volantis whilst the port is still open.
5655,Archibald,Quentyn,No more ships.Id sooner hop back to  Volantis on one foot.
5656,Chett,Quentyn,"I will not keep you here,My father laid this task on me, not you."
5657,Chett,Quentyn,I am staying.
5658,Gerris,Quentyn,Then Drink and me are staying too.
5659,Gerris,Quentyn,"He will meet  with you on the morrow, by the spice market."
5660,Gerris,Quentyn,"Knock twice  and call for freedom.Agreed,Arch and Gerris will be with me."
5661,Gerris,Quentyn,No  more.If it please my prince.
5662,Gerris,Quentyn,Come at sunset.And see that  you are not followed.
5663,Gerris,Quentyn,"It is still not too late to abandon this folly,"
5664,Gerris,Quentyn,Old Bill Bone used to say that Pretty Maris could stretch  out a mans dying for a moons turn.
5665,Gerris,Quentyn,"Used them to get us here, then went over  to the Stormcrows.As we were commanded.Tatters never meant for us to do it for real, though,His other boys, Ser  Orson and Dick Straw, Hungerford, Will of the Woods, that lot, theyre still down in some dungeon  thanks to us.Old Rags cant have liked that much.No,but he likes gold."
5666,Gerris,Quentyn,A pity we have none.
5667,Gerris,Quentyn,"Half the city is  calling the dragonslayer a hero, and the other half spits blood at the mention of his name.Harzoo,"
5668,Gerris,Quentyn,"His name was Harghaz.Hizdahr, Humzum, Hagnag, what does it matter?"
5669,Gerris,Quentyn,All he did was get his arse roasted black and crispy.He was brave.
5670,Gerris,Quentyn,"He died bravely, is what you mean.He died screaming,"
5671,Gerris,Quentyn,"Even if the queen returns, shell still be married.Not if I give King Harzoo a little smack with my hammer,Hizdahr,His name is Hizdahr.One kiss from my hammer and no one will care what his name was,"
5672,Gerris,Quentyn,"Daenerys is the means to the prize, not the prize itself. "
5673,Gerris,Quentyn,   said Gerris.
5674,Gerris,Quentyn,"Quent, is this  truly what you want to do?This is what I have to do."
5675,Gerris,Quentyn,"For Cletus and Will and Maester Kedry.Theyre dead,They wont care.All dead,For what?"
5676,Gerris,Quentyn,Their deaths should  have some meaning.
5677,Quentyn,Small,Did his death have meaning?
5678,Quentyn,Small,He died of the flux.Stay well away from him.
5679,Cletus,Small,The Unsullied will  send a corpse cart for him.No doubt.
5680,Cletus,Small,You cannot trust in  sellswords.They are men like any other men.
5681,Cletus,Small,Thats all I am trusting in.
5682,Gerris,Quentyn,Freedom.
5683,Gerris,Quentyn,"Dorne,"
5684,Gerris,Quentyn,"Go down here, you find them."
5685,Quentyn,Tattered,My lord.You look different without your cloak.My ragged raiment?
5686,Gerris,Quentyn,"A poor thing  yet those tatters fill my foes  with fear, and on the battlefield the sight of my rags blowing in the wind emboldens my men more than  any banner.And if I want to move unseen, I need only slip it off to become plain and un-remarkable."
5687,Gerris,Quentyn,Sit.
5688,Gerris,Quentyn,"Poisoners invariably choose  the choicest dishes.You brought three men,We agreed on two  apiece.Meris is no man.Meris, sweet, undo your shirt, show him.That will not be necessary,"
5689,Meris,Quentyn,"Meris is a woman, I agree.Youve still twisted the terms.Tattered and twisty, what a rogue I am."
5690,Quentyn,Tattered,I offer it to you as a sign of my good faith.
5691,Quentyn,Tattered,"Sit, and say what you came to say."
5692,Quentyn,Tattered,"Quentyn, is it?Quentyn of House Martell.Frog suits you better.It is not my custom to drink with liars and deserters, but youve made me  curious."
5693,Quentyn,Tattered,I ask your  pardon for our deception.The only ships sailing for Slavers Bay were those that had been hired to bring  you to the wars.
5694,Quentyn,Tattered,Every turncloak has his tale.
5695,Meris,Quentyn,"You, though   several of my best are locked up in the queens dungeons thanks to that lying tongue of yours, and I  doubt that you can even cook.I am a prince of Dorne,I had a duty to my father and my people.There was a  secret marriage pact.So I heard.And when the silver queen saw your scrap of parchment she fell into your arms,  yes?No,No?"
5696,Chett,Jacelyn, He turned  to Denzo Dhan.
5697,Quentyn,Tattered,Could that be true?
5698,Meris,Quentyn,"What of your  marriage pact?She laughed at him,"
5699,Quentyn,Tattered,"We came too late,A pity you did not desert me sooner."
5700,Quentyn,Tattered,So  no wedding  for Prince Frog.
5701,Quentyn,Tattered,Have my three brave Dornish lads decided  to honor their contracts?No.How vexing.Yurkhaz zo Yunzak is dead.Ancient tidings.
5702,Yellow,Yezzan,Did  you ask me here to toast his memory?No.Have the Yunkishmen chosen a new commander?The council of masters has been unable to agree.
5703,Meris,Tattered,"On the morrow, it  will be Lord Wobblecheeks.The Rabbit,Wobblecheeks was yesterday.I stand corrected, my sweetling."
5704,Meris,Tattered,I must strive to be more assiduous about consulting it.Yurkhaz zo Yunzak was the man who hired you.He signed our contract on behalf of his city.Just so.Meereen and Yunkai have made peace.
5705,Meris,Tattered,"There  will be no battle, no slaughter, no city to sack and plunder.Life is full of disappointments.How long do you think the Yunkishmen will want to continue paying wages to four free  companies?"
5706,Daenerys,Tattered,Who will rule it on  the morrow?
5707,Meris,Tattered,One thing I am certain of.Someone will have need of our  swords.I have need of those swords.Dorne will hire you.
5708,Meris,Tattered,"He does not lack for gall, this Frog."
5709,Meris,Tattered,"My dear prince, the last contract we signed you used to wipe your pretty pink bottom.I will double whatever the Yunkishmen are paying you.And pay in gold upon the signing of our contract, yes?I will pay you part when we reach Volantis, the rest when I am back in Sunspear."
5710,Meris,Quentyn,I can show you papers.Ah.
5711,Meris,Quentyn,"But we will be paid double.Twice as many papers,The rest youll have in Dorne,My father is a man of honor."
5712,Quentyn,Tattered,You have my word  on that.
5713,Quentyn,Tattered,So.
5714,Caggo,Meris,What  would you have of me and mine?I need you to help me steal a dragon.
5715,Chett,Jacelyn,
5716,Conn,Jon,"And men who pay in promises  should have at least the sense to promise more.If you want me to triple...What I want,is Pentos."
5717,Chett,Harry,"They will try to send out ravens,Watch the maesters tower.Here."
5718,Chett,Jacelyn,"Bring down every bird that leaves the castle.This we do,"
5719,Chett,Jacelyn,"A griffin!A griffin!,"
5720,Conn,Harry,"No more messages,"
5721,Conn,Jon,"Ser Franklyn,"
5722,Conn,Harry,"No one is to escape.They wont, mlord,"
5723,Conn,Harry,"Haldon, take charge of  the rookery.Ill have messages to send out tonight.Let us hope they left some ravens for us."
5724,Conn,Harry,"I never thought that it  would be so easy,It will get harder."
5725,Conn,Harry,"That cannot last forever, even if Black  Balaq brings down every raven in the realm."
5726,Conn,Jon,Let  them come.
5727,Conn,Jon,"And you say there is a way in and out by sea?Below.A hidden cove beneath the crag, which appears only when the tide is out.letting them come."
5728,Conn,Jon,"You must excuse me, Captain-General.My lord father  is buried beneath the sept, and it has been too many years since last I prayed for him.Of course, my lord."
5729,Conn,Jon,"Your fathers lands are  beautiful,One day they will all be mine."
5730,Myles,Robert,"Tywin Lannister himself could have done no more,There is where youre wrong,Lord Tywin would not have bothered  with a search."
5731,Jon,Robert,"Later, when Stark and Tully turned up with their host, he would  have offered pardons to the both of them, and they would have accepted and turned for home with  their tails between their legs."
5732,Conn,Robert,"I failed the father,but I will not fail the  son."
5733,Conn,Jon,"Stop it, the  both of you,No harm will come to any of you unless Red Ronnet proves an utter  fool."
5734,Chett,Jacelyn,"Some of you will know me,The rest will learn."
5735,Conn,Jon,"Serve me as  faithfully as you have served my cousin, and no harm need come to any of you."
5736,Haldon,Jon,"My fathers going to kill you,"
5737,Conn,Jon,Hoping to determine where the  rest of the company might be?
5738,Conn,Jon,"Would that I could, my lord."
5739,Chett,Wyl,"By this time on the morrow we ought to hold three castles,"
5740,Haldon,Wyl,"We still have too few horses.And no elephants,"
5741,Cersei,Haldon,Horses can be found in Westeros.  
5742,Cersei,Haldon,"Have those parchments told  you anything of use?Oh, much and more, my lord."
5743,Cersei,Haldon,The Lannisters make enemies  easily but seem to have a harder time keeping friends.
5744,Conn,Stannis,"Mace Tyrell has  abandoned his siege of Storms End to march back to Kings Landing and save his daughter, leaving only  a token force behind to keep Stanniss men penned up inside the castle."
5745,Conn,Stannis,"Tell me more.In the north the Lannisters are relying on the Boltons and in the riverlands upon the Freys, both  houses long renowned for treachery and cruelty."
5746,Daenerys,Stannis,"No one ever seems to mention the Vale, which  suggests to me that the Arryns have taken no part in any of this.And Dorne?"
5747,Daenerys,Stannis,"Prince Dorans younger son has been  betrothed to Myrcella Baratheon, which would suggest that the Dornishmen have thrown in with House  Lannister, but they have an army in the Boneway and another in the Princes Pass, just waiting Waiting."
5748,Daenerys,Stannis,For what?
5749,Daenerys,Stannis,"Write Sunspear.Doran Martell must know that his sisters son is still alive and has come  home to claim his fathers throne.As you say, my lord."
5750,Daenerys,Haldon,"We could scarcely have  timed our landing better.We have potential friends and allies at every hand.But no dragons,so to win these allies to our cause, we must needs have  something to offer them.Gold and land are the traditional incentives.Would that we had either."
5751,Haldon,Jon,"No.My lord does have one prize to offer,Prince Aegons hand.A marriage alliance, to bring some great House to our banners."
5752,Conn,Haldon,"Daenerys Targaryen may yet come home one day,Aegon  must be free to marry her.My lord knows best,In that case, we might consider offering potential friends a  lesser prize.What would you suggest?You."
5753,Conn,Jon,"Even,  perhaps, the prince of Dorne."
5754,Conn,Jon,I think not.
5755,Conn,Jon,Prepare the letter to Prince Doran.As my lord commands.
5756,Lem,Lemore,"Boiled  eggs, fried bread, and beans."
5757,Lem,Lemore,"The worst wine in the cellar.The  the worst, mlord?You heard me."
5758,Dick,Haldon,Words reached the camp from Marq Mandrake.
5759,Dick,Harry,Hes taken Greenstone.
5760,Dick,Harry,"The damned Volantenes  are so eager to be rid of us they are dumping us ashore on any bit of land they see,Ill wager you that weve got lads scattered all over half the bloody Stepstones too.With my elephants,"
5761,Aegon,Harry,"Mandrake had no archers with him,Do we know if Greenstone got off  any ravens before it fell?I expect they did,but what messages would they have carried?"
5762,Harry,Jon,"Haldon, send word to Mandrake to leave a garrison behind and bring the rest of his men over to Cape  Wrath, along with any noble captives.As you command, my lord."
5763,Harry,Jon,"Good  hostages.Good ransoms,It is time we sent for Prince Aegon as well,He will be safer here behind the walls of Griffins Roost than back at camp.Ill send a rider,but the lad wont much like the idea of staying safe, I  tell you that."
5764,Harry,Jon,Has the time come to raise his  banner?
5765,Jon,Tommen,Not yet.
5766,Conn,Tommen,And Dorne.
5767,Conn,Tommen,"Above all else, we must have Doran Martell.Small chance of that,The Dornishman is scared of his own shadow.Not what  you call daring."
5768,Conn,Tommen,"Prince Doran is a cautious man, thats true."
5769,Chett,Conn,"So to persuade him we must show our strength.If Peake and Rivers are successful, we will control the better part of Cape Wrath,Four castles in as many days, thats a splendid start, but we are still only at half strength."
5770,Conn,Stannis,"Gather our power, win some small lords to our cause, let Lysono Maar dispatch his spies to learn what  we can learn of our foes."
5771,Conn,Stannis,We did not cross half the world to wait.
5772,Jon,Stannis,"Once taken, it will give us a secure fastness to which  we may retreat at need, and winning it will prove our strength."
5773,Conn,Jon,"If Storms End is still held by men  loyal to Stannis, we will be taking it from him, not the Lannisters,Why not  make common cause with him against the Lannisters?Stannis is Roberts brother, of that same ilk that brought down House Targaryen,Moreover, he is a thousand leagues away, with whatever meagre strength  he still commands."
5774,Conn,Harry,"It would take half a year just to reach him, and he  has little and less to offer us.If Storms End is so impregnable, how do you mean to take it?"
5775,Harry,Jon,By guile.
5776,Conn,Jon,We should wait.We shall.
5777,Conn,Jon,Ten days.
5778,Conn,Jon,"On the  morning of the eleventh day, we ride for Storms End."
5779,Aegon,Conn,"Duck will die for me if need be,and thats all I  require in my Kingsguard."
5780,Aegon,Jon,"Escort His Grace to my solar,At once."
5781,Aegon,Jon,"Lord Connington,I like your castle.Your fathers lands are beautiful,"
5782,Conn,Jon,"As do I, Your Grace."
5783,Conn,Jon,"Ser Rolly, well have  no further need of you for now.No, I want Duck to stay."
5784,Conn,Jon,Weve been talking with Strickland and Flowers.They  told us about this attack on Storms End that youre planning.
5785,Conn,Harry,"And did Homeless Harry try to persuade you to delay  it?He did, actually,"
5786,Conn,Harry,I mean to lead it.
5787,Asha,Harry,"You do not want to watch this,No, but I will."
5788,Asha,Chett,I do not need to watch this.
5789,Asha,Godry,Then go.
5790,Asha,Godry,To Winterfell?
5791,Asha,Godry,"Only three days ride, they tell me."
5792,Big,Godry,"Even in this place of fear and darkness, the Lord of Light protects us,What has your southron god to do with snow?"
5793,Big,Godry,"This is the wroth of the old gods come upon us.It is them we should appease.Aye,Red Rahloo means nothing here."
5794,Big,Godry,They are watching from their island.
5795,Asha,Penny,"You northmen brought these snows upon us,You and your demon  trees.Rhllor will save us.Rhllor will doom us,"
5796,Clayton,Godry,Good.
5797,Clayton,Godry,"Ser Clayton, bring forth the sacrifice."
5798,Asha,Justin,"On Dragonstone he would gamble with the torturers and lend them a hand in the questioning of  prisoners, especially if the prisoner were a young woman."
5799,Asha,Godry,"Fuck you all, and fuck your red god too,You hear me, Farring?"
5800,Godry,Penny,Juicy.
5801,Clayton,Penny,"The cocks the choicest part, all  crisped up on the spit.A fat little sausage."
5802,Clayton,Penny,"Corliss Penny, come over here."
5803,Chett,Jacelyn,
5804,Asha,Clayton,"No,please, he was dead, he was dead and we was hungry, please The serjeant was the clever one,He goaded Suggs into killing  him."
5805,Godry,Penny,Where is the king?
5806,Asha,Godry,"Canty, go find the king and tell him all is ready,The king is here."
5807,Godry,Stannis,You may begin.
5808,Godry,Penny,"Lord of Light, hear us.Lord of Light, defend us,for the night is dark and full of terrors."
5809,Godry,Penny,"We thank you for the sun that warms us  and pray that you will return it to us, Oh lord, that it might light our path to your enemies."
5810,Godry,Penny,"We thank you for the stars that watch over us by night, and pray that you will rip  away this veil that hides them, so we might glory in their sight once more.Lord of Light, protect us,and keep this savage dark at bay."
5811,Godry,Penny,"Rhllor,"
5812,Chett,Jacelyn,"Accept this sacrifice, and show us the way to  Winterfell, that we might vanquish the unbelievers.Lord of Light, accept this sacrifice,"
5813,Asha,Chett,"He was dead,We found him  dead  please  we was hungry "
5814,Asha,Clayton,Did the iron cunt enjoy the show?
5815,Asha,Torrhen,The crowd will be even bigger when its you squirming on a stake.
5816,Asha,Theon,"Unhand me, ser."
5817,Asha,Clayton,"My lady asked you to let her go,You would do well to listen, ser.Lady  Asha is not for burning.She will be,We have harbored this demon worshiper amongst us too long."
5818,Asha,Justin,"The king has other plans for his prize  captive,"
5819,Asha,Justin,The king?Or you?
5820,Asha,Justin,"Scheme all you like, Massey."
5821,Asha,Justin,Power to  please our lord.Let Rhllor be content with the four we just sent him.Four baseborn churls.
5822,Asha,Justin,She might.
5823,Asha,Justin,"And if you burn her and the snows still fall, what then?"
5824,Asha,Justin,Me?
5825,Asha,Justin,Why not Ser Clayton?
5826,Asha,Justin,A faithful man who will sing his praises as the flames lick at his cock.
5827,Godry,Justin,"Enjoy your giggle, Massey.If the snow keeps falling,  we will see who is laughing then."
5828,Asha,Justin,"My champion,"
5829,Asha,Justin,"Thank you for the rescue, ser.It will not win you friends amongst the queens men,Have you lost your  faith in red Rhllor?I have lost faith in more than that,but I still  believe in supper."
5830,Asha,Justin,I have no appetite.Nor I.
5831,Justin,Stannis,Last night the count was  sixty-four.
5832,Asha,Justin,I will  eat.
5833,Asha,Justin,"Not me.Let me look after Lady Asha, then,You have my word, I shall not permit  her to escape."
5834,Asha,Stannis,"My thanks, ser,Justin.I insist."
5835,Justin,Stannis,"His Grace has seen victory in his fires,a victory that will be sung of for a  thousand years in lords castle and peasants hut alike."
5836,Justin,Stannis,The cold count last night reached eighty.
5837,Justin,Wyl,"If we march, we will die by the  hundreds.We will die by the thousands if we stay here,Press on or die, I say.Press on and die, I answer."
5838,Asha,Wyl,"Building siege towers?We should remain here until the weather breaks,"
5839,Asha,Godry,"Here at least we have some shelter,and  there are fish in the lakes.Too few fish and too many fishermen,"
5840,Eddard,Godry,"Hes not wrong,"
5841,Eddard,Justin,I know them  lakes.
5842,Eddard,Justin,"Out by the island, theres places look like a cheese the rats  been at."
5843,Eddard,Justin,"Lakes are done.You fished them out.All the more reason to march,If death is our fate, let us die with  swords in hand."
5844,Arnolf,Justin,"Feel free to perish as you wish, Humfrey,Myself, I would sooner live to  see another spring.Some might call that craven,Better a craven than a cannibal."
5845,Arnolf,Justin,"You...Death is part of war, Justin."
5846,Arnolf,Justin,"Those who march with us will have a share in all the plunder we take from Bolton and  his bastard, and a greater share of glory undying."
5847,Arnolf,Justin,"But you have my word, we shall send food once we have taken Winterfell.You will not take Winterfell!Aye, we will,"
5848,Arnolf,Asha,Well take it for the Eddard and for his daughter.
5849,Asha,Justin,"March, I said, and before the moon can turn, well all be  bathing in the blood of Freys and Boltons."
5850,Chett,Jacelyn,
5851,Arnolf,Justin,With snowballs?
5852,Arnolf,Justin,Well cut down trees for rams to break the gates.And die.
5853,Arnolf,Justin,"Well make ladders, scale the walls.And die."
5854,Arnolf,Justin,"Well raise siege towers.And die, and die, and die."
5855,Arnolf,Justin,"Gods be good, are all you Karstarks  mad?Gods?"
5856,Arnolf,Justin,"You forget yourself, Justin."
5857,Arnolf,Justin,Wouldnt you agree?
5858,Asha,Justin,"The Lord of Light, aye.My faith runs as deep as your own,  Richard, you know that.It is your courage I question, Justin, not your faith."
5859,Asha,Justin,It makes me wonder whose side you are on.
5860,Asha,Justin,I will not stay here to be insulted.
5861,Asha,Justin,Justin?
5862,Asha,Clayton,"Take a good long gander, cunt,Youll look  just as pretty once youre roasted.Tell me, can squids scream?"
5863,Asha,Clayton,Have you seen Ser Justin?That prancing fool?
5864,Asha,Clayton,"If its a fuck you need, Im more a man  than Massey."
5865,Chett,Clayton,"Your king gelds men for rape,"
5866,Chett,Clayton,The kings half-blind from staring into fires.
5867,Chett,Clayton,"Id need to kill you after, and Id sooner see you burn."
5868,Chett,Clayton,Do you hear that?Hear what?A horse.
5869,Chett,Clayton,More than one.
5870,Asha,Clayton,Is this some squid game? Suggs scowled.
5871,Asha,Clayton,"Run, you stupid cunt,Run warn the king.Lord Bolton is upon us."
5872,Asha,Roose,Who goes there?
5873,Asha,Roose,Halt!
5874,Asha,Roose,Who are you?
5875,Asha,Tristifer,"Friends,We looked for you at Winterfell, but found only  Crowfood Umber beating drums and blowing horns.It took some time to find you."
5876,Asha,Tristifer,Tris?
5877,Asha,Tristifer,My lady.
5878,Grimtongue,Tristifer,The Maid is here as well.
5879,Clayton,Grimtongue,Cromm died of his wounds.What is this?
5880,Clayton,Grimtongue,Youre one of hers?How did you get loose of  Deepwoods dungeons?
5881,Clayton,Grimtongue,"Sybelle Glover was offered a handsome ransom  for our freedom and chose to accept it in the name of the king.What ransom?Who would pay good coin for sea scum?I did, ser."
5882,Asha,Clayton,"I had need of a strong escort to see me  safely to the king, and Lady Sybelle had need of fewer mouths to feed."
5883,Asha,Clayton,I  was given to understand that I might find King Stannis here.It is most urgent that I speak with him at  once.And who in seven stinking hells are you?
5884,Asha,Mors,"I have the  honor to be Tycho Nestoris, a humble servant of the Iron Bank of Braavos."
5885,Asha,Mors,"King Stannis has  taken the watch-tower for his seat.Ser Clayton will be pleased to show you to him, Im sure.That would be most kind.Time is of the essence."
5886,Asha,Mors,"You are the Lady Asha of House Greyjoy, unless I am mistaken.I am Asha of House Greyjoy, aye.Opinions differ on whether Im a lady."
5887,Asha,Mors,Weve brought a gift for you.
5888,Asha,Mors,We  had expected to find the king at Winterfell.
5889,Asha,Mors,He gave us  this.
5890,Asha,Chett,Sister.
5891,Asha,Chett,This time I knew you.
5892,Asha,Chett,Theon?
5893,Asha,Moqorro,"Theon,My name is Theon.You have to know  your name."
5894,Moqorro,Victarion,"Ghiscari,"
5895,Daenerys,Moqorro,"Your red god will have his due,but the seas are ruled by the  Drowned God.There are no gods but Rhllor and the Other, whose name may not be said."
5896,Chett,Jacelyn,Ghiscari Dawn is no fit name  for a ship of the Iron Fleet.
5897,Moqorro,Victarion,As the captain says.
5898,Moqorro,Victarion,"They know where we are going,If they are still afloat, we will meet again."
5899,Moqorro,Victarion,"The black priest is calling demons down on us,"
5900,Moqorro,Victarion,"Your lost lambs will return to the flock off the isle called Yaros,Pray that they do, priest."
5901,Moqorro,Victarion,What do you see?
5902,Moqorro,Victarion,What awaits us on the morrow?More rain?
5903,Moqorro,Victarion,"Grey skies and strong winds,No rain."
5904,Moqorro,Victarion,Ahead awaits  your dragon.
5905,Moqorro,Victarion,"Tell me something that I do not know, priest.The captain commands, and I obey,Moqorro."
5906,Moqorro,Victarion,"The coastline here runs west to east,Where it turns north, you  will come on two more hares.Swift ones, with many legs."
5907,Daenerys,Victarion,Men slain in battle?
5908,Daenerys,Victarion,"Give her a kiss for me in whatever hell you find her,"
5909,Aeron,Victarion,"The dragon queen frees slaves and so do I,"
5910,Aeron,Victarion,"For I mean them to return and haunt these  Yunkishmen,"
5911,Aeron,Moqorro,"We will fall upon them like a thunderbolt,"
5912,Moqorro,Victarion,"Two gods are  with me now,No foe can stand before two gods."
5913,Stannis,Victarion,We sail the straits.
5914,Chett,Victarion,"The silver queen is gone,She flew away upon her  dragon, beyond the Dothraki sea.Where is this Dothraki sea?"
5915,Chett,Victarion,I will sail the Iron Fleet across it and find the  queen wherever she may be.
5916,Chett,Victarion,"That would be a sight worth seeing.The Dothraki sea is made of  grass, fool."
5917,Moqorro,Victarion,No man calls Victarion Greyjoy a fool and lives to boast of it.
5918,Moqorro,Victarion,"Your Drowned God is a demon,He is no more than  a thrall of the Other, the dark god whose name must not be spoken.Take care, priest,There are godly men aboard this ship who would  tear out your tongue for speaking such blasphemies."
5919,Moqorro,Victarion,Ask any of my men.
5920,Moqorro,Victarion,There is no need.
5921,Moqorro,Victarion,Every night in my fires I glimpse the glory that awaits you.
5922,Moqorro,Victarion,"My  brother Balon was a great man,"
5923,Moqorro,Victarion,Even Dagon could not do that.
5924,Victarion,Yellow,"He bearded the lion in his den and tied the direwolfs tail in knots, but even Dagon could not  defeat the dragons."
5925,Victarion,Yellow,She will share my bed and bear me  many mighty sons.
5926,Victarion,Yellow,"Let none escape to give warning to our foes,"
5927,Victarion,Yellow,"You  row for me now.Row hard, and you shall prosper."
5928,Victarion,Yellow,"The  Lyseni would have made whores of you,"
5929,Victarion,Yellow,"Those who please their captains may be taken as salt wives, an  honorable station."
5930,Chett,Victarion,"Every ship we capture makes us stronger,"
5931,Chett,Victarion,"We will meet with ships from all  three Slaver Cities, ships from Tolos and Elyria and New Ghis, even ships from Qarth."
5932,Chett,Jacelyn,These slavers are feeble things.
5933,Chett,Jacelyn,"We will seize  their ships, smash their hopes, and turn their bay to blood."
5934,Daenerys,Victarion,"With this gift of innocence and beauty, we honor both the gods,Let these girls be reborn in light, undefiled by  mortal lust, or let them descend to the Drowned Gods watery halls, to feast and dance and laugh until  the seas dry up."
5935,Moqorro,Victarion,"Valyrian glyphs,"
5936,Moqorro,Victarion,What do they say?Much and more.
5937,Moqorro,Victarion,Here the horn is named.
5938,Moqorro,Victarion,Have you ever heard it sound?Once.
5939,Moqorro,Victarion,"The sound it made  it burned,  somehow."
5940,Moqorro,Victarion,"A thousand screams, all melted into one.And the man who blew the horn, what of him?He died."
5941,Moqorro,Victarion,His bird was bleeding too.
5942,Moqorro,Victarion,"The hawk, just here."
5943,Moqorro,Victarion,"I heard the man was all burned up inside,  but that might just have been some tale.A true tale."
5944,Euron,Victarion,"Here it says, No mortal man shall sound me and live. "
5945,Euron,Moqorro,The  Crows Eye swore this horn would bind dragons to my will.But how will that serve me if the price is  death?Your brother did not sound the horn himself.Nor must you.
5946,Euron,Moqorro,Here.
5947,Euron,Moqorro,With blood.
5948,Chett,Hero,"I know this man,I know this  man,I will give this  man the gift, I know him not."
5949,Chett,Jacelyn,"Our  brother would have words with you, child,Sit, if you wish."
5950,Arya,Gregor,Who are you?
5951,Arya,Gregor,"No one.Not so.You are Arya of House Stark, who bites her lip and cannot tell a lie.I was.Im not now.Why are you here, liar?To serve."
5952,Arya,Gregor,To change my face.First change your heart.
5953,Arya,Gregor,Do you deny it?
5954,Arya,Gregor,I...
5955,Arya,Gregor,Thank you.
5956,Arya,Gregor,I do deny it.You lie.
5957,Dunsen,Gregor,You have the eyes of a wolf and a taste for blood.
5958,Cersei,Meryn,"You were a cat, they tell me."
5959,Cersei,Meryn,Your heart is too soft to be one of us.
5960,Cersei,Meryn,I have no heart.
5961,Cersei,Meryn,I could  kill you if I wanted.Would that taste sweet to you?
5962,Cersei,Meryn,Maybe.Then you do not belong here.
5963,Chett,Jacelyn,We are but servants of the God of Many Faces.Valar dohaeris.
5964,Chett,Jacelyn,"You know the words, but you are too proud to serve.A  servant must be humble and obedient.I obey.I can be humbler than anyone."
5965,Chett,Weasel,"You will be the very goddess of humility, I am sure.But can you pay the  price?What price?The price is you."
5966,Arya,Weasel,"Your name will be a lie, and the  very face you wear will not be your own."
5967,Arya,Weasel,I can pay the price.Give me a face.Faces must be earned.Tell me how.Give a certain man a certain gift.Can you do that?What man?No one that you know.I dont know a lot of people.He is one of them.
5968,Brus,Brusco,"Will you kill him?Yes.Then on the morrow, you shall be Cat of the Canals again."
5969,Brus,Brusco,And we  will see if you are truly worthy to serve Him of Many Faces.
5970,Brea,Brus,"Valar morghulis,Valar dohaeris,"
5971,Brus,Brusco,"Cockles and mussels and clams,oysters and prawns and fat green  mussels."
5972,Chett,Jacelyn,"He is an evil man,His lips are cruel, his eyes are mean, and he has a villains beard."
5973,Chett,Jacelyn,"He is a man like any other, with light in him and darkness.It is not for  you to judge him."
5974,Chett,Jacelyn,"Have the gods judged him?Some gods, mayhaps."
5975,Chett,Jacelyn,Elsewise the good would live forever.
5976,Chett,Jacelyn,"He moves his hands too much,He must be full of fear.The gift  will bring him peace.The gift brings all men peace.When I kill him he will look in my eyes and thank me.If he does, you will have failed.It would be best if he takes no note of you at all."
5977,Chett,Jacelyn,"They pay him gold and silver, but he only gives them writing.Are they  stupid?A few, mayhaps."
5978,Chett,Jacelyn,"He is not a man easily  cozened, however.But what is he selling them?He is writing each a binder.If their ships are lost in a storm or taken by pirates, he promises to  pay them for the value of the vessel and all its contents.Is it some kind of wager?Of a sort.A wager every captain hopes to lose.Yes, but if they win "
5979,Chett,Jacelyn,"No doubt many a captain sinking in a storm has taken some small solace in his binder  back in Braavos, knowing that his widow and children will not want."
5980,Chett,Jacelyn,"It is  one thing to write such a binder, though, and another to make good on it."
5981,Chett,Jacelyn,"It is not for you to pry into such matters,Who are you?No one.No one asks no questions."
5982,Chett,Jacelyn,"If you cannot do this thing, you need only say  so."
5983,Chett,Jacelyn,"Say the  word, and I shall lift this task from you.I will do it."
5984,Chett,Jacelyn,I will.
5985,Chett,Jacelyn,"Hes afraid,or else he knows that someone wants to kill him.He does not know,but he suspects.The guards go with him even when he slips out to make water,"
5986,Chett,Jacelyn,"Ill wait till he is making water, walk into the soup shop, and  stab the old man through the eye.And the other guard?Hes slow and stupid.I can kill him too.Are you some butcher of the battlefield, hacking down every man who stands in your way?No.I would hope not.You are a servant of the Many-Faced God, and we who serve Him of Many  Faces give his gift only to those who have been marked and chosen."
5987,Brus,Brusco,"I will give the man the gift on the morrow,Him of Many Faces will be pleased."
5988,Brus,Brusco,Cat of the Canals is known to many.
5989,Brus,Brusco,It is time  you had another face.
5990,Brus,Brusco,What will I look like?Ugly.
5991,Brus,Brusco,Come.
5992,Arya,Chett,"Do they frighten you, child?"
5993,Arya,Chett,It is not too late for you to leave us.Is this  truly what you want?
5994,Arya,Chett,"Do it,"
5995,Chett,Jacelyn,"Sit,"
5996,Chett,Jacelyn,"Now close your eyes, child."
5997,Chett,Jacelyn,"This  will hurt,but pain is the price of power."
5998,Arya,Chett,"Bring me the face,"
5999,Arya,Chett,"Drink this,"
6000,Arya,Chett,"Mummers change their faces with artifice,"
6001,Arya,Chett,Keep your eyes closed.
6002,Arya,Chett,Stay still.
6003,Arya,Chett,"You  may be dizzy, but you must not move."
6004,Chett,Jacelyn,
6005,Brea,Chett,Breathe.
6006,Harren,Jaqen,My face is still the same.Is it?Are you certain?
6007,Harren,Jaqen,"It feels the same.To you,It does not look the same.To other eyes, your nose and jaw are broken,One side of your face is caved in  where your cheekbone shattered, and half your teeth are missing."
6008,Harren,Jaqen,"You may have bad dreams for a time,Her father beat her so often  and so brutally that she was never truly free of pain or fear until she came to us.Did you kill him?She asked the gift for herself, not for her father."
6009,Harren,Jaqen,"Death came for him in the end, as it comes for all men.As it  must come for a certain man upon the morrow."
6010,Harren,Jaqen,We are done here.
6011,Chett,Jacelyn,That is the house of the Great Shepherd.
6012,Chett,Jacelyn,"Every thirteenth day, his priests slit the throat of a pure white calf, and offer bowls of blood to  beggars."
6013,Chett,Jacelyn,What...
6014,Chett,Jacelyn,Thief!
6015,Chett,Jacelyn,"thief, thief "
6016,Arya,Hero,"The golden dragon of Westeros,And how did you come by this?We are  no thieves.It wasnt stealing.I took one of his, but I left him one of ours."
6017,Arya,Chett,"And with that coin and the others in his purse, he paid a certain  man."
6018,Arya,Chett,Very sad.
6019,Arya,Chett,"You have much and more to learn, but it may be you are not hopeless."
6020,Arya,Chett,"Wear this when you are here,"
6021,Arya,Chett,"The city watch is looking for a certain  ugly girl, known to frequent the Purple Harbor, so best you have a new face as well."
6022,Arya,Chett,"A pretty one this time, I think."
6023,Arya,Chett,"Who are you, child?No one,"
6024,Jaime,Tommen,"Your turn,Pull his mane, I dare you."
6025,Cersei,Kevan,"No harm will come to me today,Only my pride will suffer."
6026,Scolera,Unella,The High Septon promised that no harm would come to me.Nor will it.
6027,Cersei,Tywin,"Get on with it,"
6028,Cersei,Unella,"Remove your shift, Your Grace,Here?"
6029,Cersei,Unella,Why?You must be shorn.
6030,Cersei,Unella,Do what you will.
6031,Cersei,Scolera,Does Your Grace find this amusing?
6032,Cersei,Scolera,"No, septa,"
6033,Cersei,Moelle,Will I be  permitted a pair of sandals?
6034,Cersei,Moelle,"The streets are filthy.Not so filthy as your sins,His High Holiness has commanded that you  present yourself as the gods made you.Did you have sandals on your feet when you came forth from  your lady mothers womb?No, septa,Then you have your answer."
6035,Cersei,Moelle,Let us go.
6036,Cersei,Lancel,Perhaps Your Grace will recall me.
6037,Cersei,Lancel,My brothers and I will see you safely  through the city.
6038,Cersei,Kevan,"You may rise, Ser Theodan.I am ready."
6039,Moelle,Unella,"A sinner comes before you,She is Cersei of  House Lannister, queen dowager, mother to His Grace King Tommen, widow of His Grace King Robert,  and she has committed grievous falsehoods and fornications."
6040,Moelle,Scolera,This sinner has confessed her sins and begged for  absolution and forgiveness.His High Holiness has commanded her to demonstrate her repentance by   putting aside all pride and artifice and presenting herself as the gods made her before the good people  of the city.
6041,Cersei,Scolera,"So now this sinner comes before you with a humble heart, shorn of  secrets and concealments, naked before the eyes of gods and men, to make her walk of atonement."
6042,Kevan,Tywin,"Vain and proud she was, before,so haughty youd think shed forgot she come from dirt."
6043,Moelle,Scolera,Whore!
6044,Moelle,Scolera,"Shame,shame upon the sinner, shame, shame.Meat pies, three pence, hot meat  pies here."
6045,Baelor,Tyrion,"Harlot,"
6046,Cersei,Scolera,"Hot pies,Getcha hot pies  here.Shame, shame, shame upon the sinner, shame, shame."
6047,Cersei,Unella,Your Grace should watch where she sets her feet.
6048,Cersei,Unella,"Yes, septa,"
6049,Cersei,Scolera,"Shame,   shame,"
6050,Cersei,Robert,"Want some, Your Grace?"
6051,Margaery,Stannis,Whoresinnerbrotherfuckercunttraitor
6052,Cersei,Unella,"Shame, shame,Chestnuts, hot roast chestnuts,Queen Cunt,All hail the royal  teats!"
6053,Baelor,Cersei,Where  where  ?Your Grace.
6054,Baelor,Cersei,You must continue.The crowd is growing unruly.
6055,Cersei,Jaime,I am not afraid...You should be.
6056,Cersei,Unella,"I  asked for sandals,You could have given me sandals, you could have done  that much."
6057,Aegon,Cersei,"You do not need to drag me, ser."
6058,Aegon,Cersei,"My wife has sweeter teats than those,"
6059,Aegon,Cersei,"Shame, shame, shame on the sinner,Look at this one,its not  had half as many cocks up it as hers."
6060,Cersei,Tywin,"That cant be the queen,shes saggy as my mum."
6061,Moelle,Unella,"Please,Mother have  mercy.I confessed.You did,This is your atonement.It is not much farther,See?"
6062,Moelle,Unella,"Up the hill, thats all."
6063,Aegon,Unella,"Whore,Brotherfucker,Abomination.Want a suck on this, Your Grace?"
6064,Cersei,Chett,"Queen you shall  be,until there comes another, younger and more beautiful, to cast you down and take all  you hold most dear."
6065,Kevan,Meryn,"My son,Where is my son?Where is Tommen?Not here.No son should have to bear witness to his mothers shame."
6066,Jocelyn,Kevan,Cover her up.
6067,Cersei,Qyburn,"Your Grace,"
6068,Cersei,Qyburn,"This is Ser Robert Strong.Ser Robert,If it please Your Grace, Ser Robert  has taken a holy vow of silence,He has sworn that he will not speak until all of His  Graces enemies are dead and evil has been driven from the realm."
6069,Kasporio,Tyrion,I had understood  you were a band of brothers.
6070,Kasporio,Tyrion,"The  friendship, the fond regard, the deep affection that only men who have fought and bled together can  ever know?All in time,After you sign,"
6071,Kasporio,Tyrion,"If you would like to start the bleeding now, I will  happly oblige you.How kind of you to offer,I think not."
6072,Kasporio,Tyrion,Here is your ink.
6073,Kasporio,Tyrion,Ill do the rest.
6074,Kasporio,Tyrion,Might I read them first?If you like.
6075,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Except for the ones at the bottom, but well get  to those in due course."
6076,Chett,Tyrion,Would you prefer me to sign Yollo or Hugor Hill?
6077,Chett,Tyrion,Would you prefer to be returned to Yezzans heirs or just  beheaded?
6078,Chett,Tyrion,"There are  what, fifty?"
6079,Chett,Tyrion,"Id thought there were  five hundred Second Sons.Five hundred thirteen at present,When you sign our book, we will be five  hundred fourteen.So only one in ten receives a note?"
6080,Chett,Tyrion,I thought you were all  share-and-share-alike in the free companies.
6081,Chett,Tyrion,"Oh, all share."
6082,Chett,Tyrion,  
6083,Chett,Tyrion,There are cells down in the bowels of Casterly Rock  where my lord father kept the worst of ours.
6084,Chett,Tyrion,"This wounds me deeply, I will  have you know,In Westeros, the word of a Lannister is considered  good as gold."
6085,Chett,Tyrion,"This is not Westeros.On this side of the narrow sea, we put our promises on  paper."
6086,Chett,Tyrion,"Debts written on the wind tend to be  forgotten, shall we  say?Not by us."
6087,Chett,Tyrion,A  Lannister always pays his debts.
6088,Chett,Tyrion,"Aye, but a sellswords word is worthless."
6089,Chett,Tyrion,"True, but I will not be a sellsword  until Ive signed your book.Soon enough,After the notes.I am dancing as fast as I can."
6090,Kasporio,Tyrion,"So,what will be my duties with the company?You are too ugly to be Bokkokos butt boy,but you might do as arrow fodder.Better than you know,A small man with a big shield  will drive the archers mad.A wiser man than you once told me that.You will work with Inkpots,You will work for Inkpots,Keeping books, counting coin, writing contracts and letters.Gladly,I love books.What else would you do?"
6091,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Look at you.You are not fit to fight.I once had charge of all the drains in Casterly Rock,Some of them had  been stopped up for years, but I soon had them draining merrily away."
6092,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Perhaps I could supervise your camp followers.We  cant have the men stopped up, now can we?"
6093,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Stay away from the whores,Most o them  are poxy, and they talk."
6094,Jorah,Tyrion,   You have my word on that.
6095,Tybero,Tyrion,Tybero?
6096,Tybero,Tyrion,That sounds almost Lannister.Are you some long-lost cousin?Perhaps.
6097,Tybero,Tyrion,Sign.
6098,Chett,Tyrion,"Your cock is as  big as in the stories,Consider me well and truly fucked, Lord Plumm."
6099,Chett,Tyrion,"My pleasure, Imp."
6100,Chett,Tyrion,"Inkpots,  fetch the book."
6101,Chett,Rodrik,"The Second Sons are  amongst the oldest of the free companies,This is the fourth  book."
6102,Rodrik,Tyrion,"Here, use this."
6103,Rodrik,Tyrion,"Red ink?A tradition of the company,There was a time when each new man wrote  his name in his own blood, but as it happens, blood makes piss-poor ink.Lannisters love tradition.Lend me your knife."
6104,Jorah,Tyrion,Is that all that you require of me?
6105,Jorah,Tyrion,Suck the captains cock?Suck whatever you like.
6106,Jorah,Tyrion,"For most of us, the signature suffices, but I would hate to disappoint a new brother-in-arms.Welcome to the Second Sons, Lord Tyrion."
6107,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Have  other lords served with the company?Landless lords,Like you, Imp."
6108,Kasporio,Tyrion,My previous brother was entirely unsatisfactory.
6109,Kasporio,Tyrion,Now how do I go about securing arms and armor?Will you want a pig to ride as well?
6110,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Why, I did not know your wife was in the  company,Thats kind of you to offer her, but I would prefer a horse."
6111,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Inkpots, show him to the wagons."
6112,Kasporio,Tyrion,"Put a helm  on her, a bit o mail, might be some will take her for a boy.Lord Tyrion, with me."
6113,Penny,Tyrion,I will have Snatch  take you to the wagons.Get your woman and meet him by the cook tent.She is not my woman.
6114,Penny,Tyrion,"All she does of late is sleep and glare at  me.You need to beat her harder and fuck her more often,Bring  her, leave her, do what you will."
6115,Penny,Tyrion,"Come find me when you have your armor, and I  will start you on the ledgers.As you wish."
6116,Penny,Tyrion,"Hugor?What is it?Talking again, are we?"
6117,Penny,Tyrion,"If you  sleep any longer, youre like to miss the war.Im sad."
6118,Penny,Tyrion,And tired.So tired.
6119,Penny,Tyrion,You look pale.
6120,Penny,Yezzan,I have  signed their book.
6121,Penny,Yezzan,I am now a Second Son.
6122,Penny,Yezzan,"What about me?Can I sign too?I think not.Some free companies have been known to take women, but  well, they are not  Second Daughters, after all.We,If youre one of them, you should say we, not they."
6123,Kasporio,Penny,"Or Crunch, has there been word of Crunch?"
6124,Penny,Tyrion,"No word as yet,Come.We need to  find some armor for you."
6125,Penny,Tyrion,Armor?Why?Something my old master-at-arms told me.
6126,Penny,Tyrion,"Besides, now that Im a sellsword, I really ought to have a sword to sell."
6127,Penny,Tyrion,Dress.
6128,Penny,Tyrion,"Were supposed to be a pair  of likely lads, just in case the slave-catchers are watching."
6129,Penny,Tyrion,"I hear the two o you are going to fight for us,That should have them  pissing in Meereen.Either o you ever killed a man?I have,I swat them down like flies.What with?An axe, a dagger, a choice remark.Though Im deadliest with my crossbow."
6130,Chett,Tyrion,"Nasty thing, a crossbow.How many  men you kill with that?Nine."
6131,Penny,Tyrion,Nine.
6132,Penny,Tyrion,nine.
6133,Penny,Tyrion,"Kem!Get over here, you fucking pisspot."
6134,Penny,Tyrion,"Take Lord and Lady Imp to the  wagons, have Hammer fix them up with some company steel.Hammer might be passed-out drunk,Piss in his face.Thatll wake him up."
6135,Penny,Tyrion,"We never had no bloody dwarfs before, but boys we never  lacked for."
6136,Penny,Tyrion,"Nine, was it?"
6137,Tyrion,Tywin,How does a Kings Landing lad end up  with a free company?
6138,Tyrion,Tywin,Who told you I was from Kings Landing?No one.
6139,Tyrion,Tywin,"Your wits gave you away.Theres no one clever as a Kingslander, they say."
6140,Tyrion,Tywin,Who says that?Everyone.
6141,Tyrion,Tywin,Since when?
6142,Tyrion,Tywin,"For ages,My father was wont to say it.Did you know Lord  Tywin, Kem?The Hand."
6143,Renly,Tywin,I liked those helms.
6144,Renly,Tywin,"I never liked the Hand, though."
6145,Renly,Tywin,And then he smashed us on the Blackwater.You were there?With Stannis.
6146,Renly,Tyrion,"Later I heard how your father  was sending them as fought with Stannis to the Wall, so I made my way across the narrow sea and  joined up with the Second Sons.Do you miss Kings Landing?Some."
6147,Renly,Tyrion,"And my brother, Kennet, but he died on  the bridge of ships.Too many good men died that day."
6148,Jaime,Tyrion,"I miss the food too,Your mothers cooking?Rats wouldnt eat my mothers cooking."
6149,Jaime,Tyrion,"You ever have yourself a bowl o brown, Halfman?A time or two.Singers stew, I call it.Whys that?It tastes so good it makes me want to sing."
6150,Jaime,Tyrion,Singers stew.
6151,Jaime,Tyrion,"What do you  miss, Halfman?"
6152,Shae,Tysha,"Wine,  whores, and wealth,Especially the wealth.Wealth will buy you wine and whores."
6153,Tyrion,Tysha,Is it true the chamber pots in Casterly Rock are made of solid gold?
6154,Tyrion,Tysha,You should not believe everything you hear.Especially where House Lannister is concerned.They say all Lannisters are twisty snakes.Snakes?
6155,Tyrion,Tysha,"That sound you hear is my lord father, slithering in his grave."
6156,Tyrion,Tysha,"Step on a snake or a lions tail, youll end up just  as dead."
6157,Tyrion,Tysha,"Hes drunk more  than not,Brown Ben lets it go, but one day well get us a real armorer."
6158,Chett,Tyrion,"Crap iron, most of it,but youre  welcome to anything you can use."
6159,Chett,Tyrion,"This may take a while,Theres sound steel here if you can find it,None of it is pretty, but it  will stop a sword."
6160,Penny,Tyrion,"As long as I look prettier than you, I will be happy."
6161,Penny,Tyrion,You  take that wagon.Ill start with this one.It will go faster if we look together.
6162,Penny,Tyrion,Do I look fearsome?
6163,Penny,Tyrion,Thats a halfhelm.You want a greathelm.
6164,Penny,Tyrion,Its too big.
6165,Penny,Tyrion,I cant see out.
6166,Penny,Tyrion,Whats wrong with the halfhelm?Its open-faced.
6167,Penny,Tyrion,I am fond of looking at your nose.I would rather  that you kept it.
6168,Penny,Tyrion,You like my nose?
6169,Penny,Tyrion,Are there any other parts of me you like?
6170,Penny,Tyrion,"I am fond of all of your parts,and even fonder of mine own.Why should we need armor?"
6171,Penny,Tyrion,"We just pretend to fight.You pretend very well,"
6172,Penny,Tyrion,Pretending to be dead is one way to  survive a battle.Good armor is another.
6173,Penny,Tyrion,Heres a crossbow.
6174,Penny,Tyrion,I cannot use a stirrup winch.
6175,Penny,Tyrion,A crank would  serve me better.
6176,Penny,Tyrion,"This might serve,"
6177,Penny,Tyrion,A little sword for a little man?
6178,Penny,Tyrion,Its a dirk and made for a big man.
6179,Penny,Tyrion,This is a sword.Try it.
6180,Penny,Tyrion,"Too heavy.Steel weighs more than wood.Chop through a mans neck with that thing, though, and his  head is not like to turn into a melon."
6181,Penny,Tyrion,Cheap steel.
6182,Penny,Tyrion,You need a better blade to hack off  heads.I dont want to hack off heads.Nor should you.
6183,Penny,Tyrion,"Once theyre down, theyre no bigger than you."
6184,Penny,Tyrion,Last night I dreamed my brother was alive again.
6185,Chett,Jacelyn,
6186,Penny,Tyrion,"If you want to dream, go back to sleep,When you wake up, well still be escaped  slaves in the middle of a siege."
6187,Penny,Yezzan,"Fight or hide or shit yourself, as you  like, but whatever you decide to do, youll do it clad in steel."
6188,Penny,Yezzan,We should never have run.
6189,Sweets,Yezzan,"   The word you want is slaves.Slaves,We were his special slaves, though."
6190,Sweets,Tyrion,His treasures.
6191,Chett,Jacelyn,
6192,Tyrion,Yezzan,Sweets was the first to go.
6193,Penny,Tyrion,"If you want to be a slave again, I will find  you a kind master when this war is done, and sell you for enough gold to get me home,Ill find you some nice Yunkishman to give you another pretty golden collar, with little  bells on it that will tinkle everywhere you go."
6194,Jorah,Tyrion,"No  one buys dead mummers.Or dead dwarfs,We are all like to be feeding worms by the time this  battle is done."
6195,Skahaz,Tyrion,"Slaves on stilts, slaves in chains  they may have troops of blind men  and palsied children too, I would not put it past them.Oh, I know,The Second Sons are on the losing side.They need to turn their  cloaks again and do it now."
6196,Skahaz,Tyrion,Leave that to me.
6197,Bloodbeard,Skahaz,"Tonight,"
6198,Bloodbeard,Skahaz,All my men will be in place.The word is Groleo.Groleo.
6199,Bloodbeard,Skahaz,Yes.What was done to him  you were at court?One guardsman amongst forty.
6200,Bloodbeard,Hizdahr,Do you think the Yunkaii would ever have  dared present Daenerys with the head of her hostage?
6201,Bloodbeard,Hizdahr,Hizdahr seemed distraught.Sham.
6202,Barristan,Hizdahr,This was to give Hizdahr a pretext to  kill the dragons.
6203,Barristan,Hizdahr,Would he dare?He dared to kill his queen.
6204,Barristan,Hizdahr,They want the dragons dead before the Volantene fleet arrives.
6205,Barristan,Tywin,That will not  happen.
6206,Barristan,Tywin,"The  hour of the wolf.The blackest part of night, when all the worlds asleep."
6207,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"Grey Worm  and the Unsullied will close and bar the gates at first light.Better to attack at first light,Burst from the gates and swarm across the siege  lines, smash the Yunkaii as they come stumbling from their beds.No."
6208,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"There is a peace, signed and sealed by Her  Grace the queen."
6209,Hizdahr,Symon,"Your way is dishonorable.Your way is stupid,The hour is ripe."
6210,Barristan,Symon,Hungry.
6211,Barristan,Groleo,"We discussed this.You agreed it would be my way.I agreed,"
6212,Barristan,Groleo,"The slavers have no  honor.We do,"
6213,Barristan,Groleo,What of Hizdahrs guards?His Grace keeps two men by him when he sleeps.
6214,Barristan,Khrazz,"Tonight it will be Khrazz and Steelskin.Khrazz,That I do not like.It need not come to blood,I mean to talk to Hizdahr.If he understands  we do not intend to kill him, he may command his guards to yield.And if not?Hizdahr must not escape us.He will not escape."
6215,Barristan,Hizdahr,"I shall deal with Khrazz,Just make certain I do not need to deal with any  Brazen Beasts as well.Have no fear."
6216,Barristan,Reznak,"I told you, the  Brazen Beasts are mine.You say you have men amongst the Yunkishmen?Sneaks and spies.Reznak has more."
6217,Reznak,Skahaz,"Someone needs to free our  hostages.Unless we get our people back, the Yunkaii will use them against us."
6218,Hero,Skahaz,Easy to speak of rescue.
6219,Hero,Jhogo,"Let  the slavers threaten.And if they do more than threaten?Would you miss them so much, old man?A eunuch, a savage, and a sell sword?"
6220,Daario,Jhogo,"Jhogo is the queens bloodrider, blood of her blood."
6221,Chett,Jacelyn, She loves Daario.
6222,Daario,Grey Worm,  Every man of them knows  your face by now.
6223,Daario,Skahaz,Then we must needs find some other way.
6224,Daario,Skahaz,"   Skahaz reminded him.Not likely, he thought, but he said, "
6225,Daario,Daenerys,Who will grieve?And when she does return?She will weep and tear her hair and curse the Yunkaii.
6226,Daario,Daenerys,Better for Daenerys too.
6227,Barristan,Skahaz,"There is  still Jhogo,Him, and Hero.Both precious to Her Grace.We have hostages as well,If the slav ers kill one of ours, we  kill one of theirs."
6228,Barristan,Skahaz,"The queens  cupbearers?Hostages,Grazdar and Qezza are the blood of the Green Grace."
6229,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Zhak, Quazzar, Uhlez, Hazkar, Dhazak, Yherizan, all children of Great  Masters.Innocent girls and sweet-faced boys."
6230,Barristan,Qezza,"Children.Children of the Harpy.Only blood can pay for blood.So said the Yunkishman who brought us Groleos head.He was not wrong.I will not permit it.What use are hostages if they may not be touched?Mayhaps we might offer three of the children for Daario, Hero, and Jhogo,Her Grace..."
6231,Barristan,Tywin,"You know that I am right.Prince Rhaegar had two children,Rhaenys was a little girl, Aegon a  babe in arms."
6232,Robert,Tywin,"He served the  bloody bodies up in crimson cloaks, a gift for the new king."
6233,Skahaz,Tywin,"I will not suffer the murder of  children.Accept that, or Ill have no part of this."
6234,Hizdahr,Skahaz,You are a stubborn old man.
6235,Hizdahr,Skahaz,"Kill them now or kill them then.You kill men for the wrongs they have done, not the wrongs that they may do someday."
6236,Hizdahr,Skahaz,So be it.
6237,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Will that content you, Ser Grandfather?"
6238,Barristan,Hizdahr,It will serve.
6239,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Remember.I am not like to forget, ser."
6240,Barristan,Hizdahr,Long has Kandaq waited for this night.
6241,Barristan,Missandei,"It is chivalry that makes a true  knight, not a sword,Without honor, a knight is no more than a common killer.It is better to  die with honor than to live without it."
6242,Barristan,Missandei,"Stay here tonight, child,Whatever happens, whatever you see  or hear, do not leave the queens chambers.This one hears,If she may ask...Best not."
6243,Barristan,Skahaz,"Groleo,Groleo,I have more  locusts if you need them,Six should serve.What of the men on the doors?Mine.You will have no trouble."
6244,Barristan,Skahaz,"Shed no blood unless you must.Come the  morrow we will convene a council and tell the city what weve done and why.As you say.Good fortune to you, old man."
6245,Barristan,Chett,"Groleo,Groleo,Third hall to the right."
6246,Barristan,Steelskin,Who goes there?
6247,Barristan,Steelskin,"Old Ser.If it please the king, I must needs have words with him.The hour is late.The hour is late, but the need is urgent.I can ask."
6248,Barristan,Steelskin,"Only you,The beasts wait here.As you wish."
6249,Hizdahr,Qezza,"Miklaz has gone to wake the king,May we bring you wine, ser?No.I thank you.You may sit,I prefer to stand."
6250,Hizdahr,Mag,Ser Barristan.
6251,Hizdahr,Mag,"What hour is it?Is there news of my sweet queen?None, Your Grace.Hizdahr sighed. "
6252,Hizdahr,Mag,"Though at his hour, Your Sleepiness would be  more apt."
6253,Hizdahr,Mag,"Miklaz, wine.At once.Yes, Your Worship.Take Draqaz with you."
6254,Hizdahr,Mag,"And the next time I find my flagon dry, I may have to take a switch to those pretty pink  cheeks of yours."
6255,Barristan,Hizdahr,"I dreamed you found  Daenerys.Dreams can lie, Your Grace. Your Radiance would serve."
6256,Barristan,Hizdahr,Some trouble in the  city?The city is tranquil.Is it so?
6257,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Why have you come?To ask a question.Magnificence, are you the Harpy?"
6258,Barristan,Hizdahr,You come to my  bedchamber in the black of night and ask me that?Are you mad?
6259,Barristan,Hizdahr,"What  why  how dare you Was the poison your work, Magnificence?"
6260,Hizdahr,Quentyn,The locusts?
6261,Hizdahr,Quentyn,"Ask Reznak if you doubt me.Have you proof of that?Has Reznak?No, else I would have had them seized."
6262,Barristan,Quentyn,"Reznak says they worship  snakes.They eat snakes,It was your pit, your box, your seats."
6263,Barristan,Quentyn,You urged Her Grace to try the locusts  but never tasted one yourself.I  hot spices do not agree with me.
6264,Barristan,Daenerys,Why would I want to poison  her?
6265,Barristan,Daenerys,"Only you can answer that, Magnificence.It might be that  you wished to put another woman in her place."
6266,Barristan,Daenerys,"That one, perhaps?"
6267,Barristan,Daenerys,Her?
6268,Barristan,Daenerys,A bedslave.
6269,Barristan,Daenerys,I  misspoke.
6270,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Never.You urged the queen to try the locusts.I heard you.I thought she might enjoy them.
6271,Daenerys,Hizdahr,Hot and sweet at once.Hot and sweet and poisoned.
6272,Drogo,Hizdahr,Shouting at them.
6273,Drogo,Hizdahr,The beast devoured Barsenas flesh.
6274,Drogo,Hizdahr,  
6275,Drogo,Hizdahr,"Your friends.Not my friends.You say that, yet when you told them to stop killing they obeyed.Why would they do that if  you were not one of them?"
6276,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Tell me true,did you  ever love her, even a little?"
6277,Barristan,Hizdahr,"I lusted for the crown,  aye  but not half so much as she lusted for her sellsword."
6278,Barristan,Hizdahr,"And if I had eaten of his locusts too, well, so much the better.Daario is a killer but not a poisoner."
6279,Barristan,Hizdahr,Are you the  Harpy?
6280,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Tell me true, and I promise you shall  have a swift, clean death.You presume too much, ser,I am done with these questions, and with you."
6281,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Leave Meereen at once and I will let you live.If you are not the Harpy, give me his name."
6282,Barristan,Hizdahr,Khrazz!
6283,Barristan,Hizdahr,Khrazz!Khrazz!
6284,Barristan,Khrazz,"I am here for Hizdahr,Throw down your steel and stand aside, and no harm  need come to you."
6285,Barristan,Khrazz,Old man.I will eat your heart.
6286,Barristan,Khrazz,"Then come,"
6287,Barristan,Khrazz,"Only cowards dress in iron,"
6288,Barristan,Khrazz,"This coward is about to kill you, ser."
6289,Barristan,Khrazz,"In the pit that would have taken your arm off, old man.We are not in the pit.Take off that armor!It is not too late to throw down your steel.Yield.Die,"
6290,Hizdahr,Qezza,"Dont be afraid,I  mean you no harm, child.I want only the king."
6291,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Spare me,I do not want to die.Few do.Yet all men die, regardless."
6292,Barristan,Hizdahr,Come.I will escort you to a cell.
6293,Hizdahr,Steelskin,You  will be kept a prisoner until the queen returns.
6294,Hizdahr,Steelskin,You have my word as a knight.
6295,Barristan,Qezza,"Your Worship,the noble Reznak mo Reznak  says to t-tell you, come at once."
6296,Barristan,Reznak,Come where?
6297,Barristan,Reznak,Where does the seneschal want His Grace to go?Outside.
6298,Barristan,Reznak,"Outside, ser."
6299,Barristan,Reznak,"To see.To see what?D-d-dragons.The dragons have been loosed, ser."
6300,Gerris,Quentyn,"Quentyn, are you mad?"
6301,Gerris,Quentyn,Gerris?I heard you moving about.I could not sleep.Are burns a cure for that?
6302,Gerris,Quentyn,"Or better still, I  could take you to the Temple of the Graces and find a girl for you.A whore, you mean.They call them Graces."
6303,Gerris,Quentyn,The red ones are the only ones who  fuck.
6304,Gerris,Quentyn,"The septas back home should take up the custom, if you  ask me."
6305,Gerris,Quentyn,Thats what a life of chastity will do to  you.
6306,Gerris,Quentyn,Is that rain?Your whores will be gone.Not all of them.
6307,Daenerys,Quentyn,"We could console them.They could console me, is what you mean.That too.That is not the sort of consolation I require.I disagree."
6308,Daenerys,Quentyn,Do you want to die a  man-maid?
6309,Cletus,Quentyn,Do you think Daenerys would be pleased to hear  that I had bedded some whore?She might be.
6310,Daenerys,Quentyn,Takes training to be good at it.
6311,Daenerys,Doran,"Daenerys has a paramour,My  father did not send me here to amuse the queen in the bedchamber.You know why we have come.You cannot marry her.She has a husband.She does not love Hizdahr zo Loraq.What has love to do with marriage?"
6312,Daenerys,Doran,How much joy has he had of that?
6313,Doran,Gerris,"Not all risks lead to ruin,This is my duty.My destiny."
6314,Gerris,Quentyn,This will be my grand  adventure.Men die on grand adventures.
6315,Gerris,Quentyn,All I need is courage.Would you have Dorne remember  me as a failure?Dorne is not like to remember any of us for long.
6316,Gerris,Quentyn,Dorne remembers Aegon and his sisters.
6317,Gerris,Quentyn,They will remember Daenerys as well.Not if shes died.She lives.
6318,Gerris,Quentyn,"She is lost, but I can find her."
6319,Gerris,Quentyn,"From dragonback?I have been riding horses since I was six years old.And youve been thrown a time or three.That never stopped me from getting back into the saddle.Youve never been thrown off a thousand feet above the ground,And  horses seldom turn their riders into charred bones and ashes."
6320,Gerris,Quentyn,Ill hear no more of this.
6321,Gerris,Quentyn,"Find a ship and run  home, Gerris."
6322,Gerris,Quentyn,"No wine.There will  be time enough for drink afterward.One hopes,"
6323,Gerris,Quentyn,"I knew it would rain,My bones were aching last night."
6324,Aegon,Gerris,"You get a good cookfire lit, blazing away nice, then it starts to piss  down rain and next thing your wood is sodden and your flames are dead."
6325,Aegon,Gerris,"Dragons are not made of wood, Arch.Some are."
6326,Aegon,Gerris,"That  ended bad, though."
6327,Archibald,Tattered,Its time.
6328,Archibald,Tattered,Ill get our mummers garb.
6329,Gerris,Tattered,"They may ask for a word,Its dog.You are certain of that?"
6330,Gerris,Tattered,Certain enough to wager a life upon it.
6331,Gerris,Tattered,My life.That would be the one.How did you learn their word?We chanced upon some Brazen Beasts and Meris asked them prettily.
6332,Gerris,Quentyn,Just eat.
6333,Gerris,Quentyn,"Ill be the bull,"
6334,Gerris,Quentyn,The lion for me.Which makes a monkey out of me.
6335,Gerris,Quentyn,How do they  breathe in these things?Just put it on.
6336,Gerris,Quentyn,Whats that for?
6337,Gerris,Quentyn,Daenerys used a whip to cow the black beast.
6338,Gerris,Quentyn,"Arch, bring your hammer as well.We may have need of it."
6339,Gerris,Quentyn,"You come early,"
6340,Gerris,Quentyn,"We can leave again, if you like.Youre welcome to stand our watch."
6341,Meris,Quentyn,"Bugger that,Give us the days word,Dog,"
6342,Meris,Tattered,"Dog, then,The door is yours."
6343,Archibald,Tattered,"Arch,The bar.Hurry."
6344,Gerris,Quentyn,Bring it in now.Be quick about it.
6345,Archibald,Meris,Where is your lord?
6346,Archibald,Meris,"I have no lord,If you mean your fellow prince, he is near, with fifty men."
6347,Archibald,Meris,Caggo commands here.
6348,Archibald,Meris,Will that cart be big enough to hold  a dragon?
6349,Archibald,Meris,Should.Its held two oxen.
6350,Archibald,Quentyn,We were  told these beasts are smaller than the queens monster.The pit has slowed their growth.
6351,Aegon,Meris,Have you brought sufficient chains?How many dragons do you have?
6352,Meris,Quentyn,"We have chains enough for ten,  concealed beneath the meat.Very good."
6353,Gerris,Quentyn,"There will be more guards outside the  pit.We know,We need to be ready for them.We are,"
6354,Gerris,Meris,"This way, then."
6355,Chett,Quentyn,"Dog,"
6356,Chett,Quentyn,"Take them,"
6357,Caggo,Quentyn,Yield.I yield.No.You die.
6358,Meris,Quentyn,"Too much noise,Any man with ears will have heard.Dog,The days word was supposed to be dog."
6359,Meris,Quentyn,  
6360,Meris,Quentyn,Do what  you came to do.
6361,Meris,Quentyn,"Fire  and blood,blood and fire."
6362,Meris,Quentyn,The chains  we have no key I have the key.
6363,Archibald,Quentyn,Bring the cart.
6364,Chett,Jacelyn,"Rhaegal,"
6365,Chett,Jacelyn,"The food,Bring the food."
6366,Chett,Jacelyn,"I thought there were two,"
6367,Caggo,Quentyn,"More meat,"
6368,Caggo,Quentyn,Bring  bring 
6369,Gerris,Quentyn,"Quent,  this will not work."
6370,Gerris,Quentyn,"Viserion,"
6371,Gerris,Quentyn,"Viserion,"
6372,Caggo,Quentyn,"Down,"
6373,Meris,Quentyn,"No,no, dont, dont,"
6374,Meris,Quentyn,"Viserion,"
6375,Meris,Quentyn,VISERION!
6376,Gerris,Quentyn,"Down,"
6377,Gerris,Quentyn,"Down, down, down."
6378,Gerris,Quentyn,"Behind you, behind you, behind you!"
6379,Chett,Jacelyn,
6380,Jon,Selyse,"Your Grace,they are starving at Hardhome by  the thousands.Many are women......and children, yes."
6381,Jon,Shireen,"We are sorry for the little ones, of  course, but we must be sensible."
6382,Jon,Shireen,Better that they be reborn into the light.
6383,Jon,Tormund,"Afraid of being carried off, is she?"
6384,Jon,Tormund,I always wanted me one with a mustache.
6385,Jon,Tormund,Im sorry to have troubled Your Grace.The Nights Watch  will attend to this matter.
6386,Jon,Tormund,You still mean to ride to Hardhome.
6387,Jon,Malegorn,"Do not deny it.I must do as I think best.With respect, Your Grace, the Wall is mine, and so is this decision.It is,"
6388,Malegorn,Patchface,Do what you must.
6389,Malegorn,Patchface,"Lord Snow, who will lead this ranging?Are you offering yourself, ser?Do I look so foolish?"
6390,Malegorn,Patchface,I will lead it!
6391,Patchface,Selyse,"We will march into the sea and out  again.Under the waves we will ride seahorses, and mermaids will blow seashells to announce our  coming, oh, oh, oh."
6392,Jon,Selyse,"I will  not ask my men to do what I would not do myself.I mean to lead the ranging.How bold of you,We approve.Afterward some bard will make a stirring song  about you, no doubt, and we shall have a more prudent lord commander."
6393,Axell,Gerrick,"Let  us speak of other matters.Axell, bring in the wildling king, if you would be so good.At once, Your Grace."
6394,Axell,Gerrick,"Gerrick of House Redbeard,King of the Wildlings."
6395,Gerrick,Jon,"Gerrick is the true and rightful king of the wildlings,descended in an  unbroken male line from their great king Raymun Red-beard, whereas the usurper Mance Rayder was  born of some common woman and fathered by one of your black brothers."
6396,Selyse,Ygritte,"Gerrick has graciously agreed to give the hand of his eldest daughter to my beloved Axell, to be  united by the Lord of Light in holy wedlock,His other girls shall wed at the same  time...the second daughter with Ser Brus Buckler and the youngest with Ser Malegorn of Redpool.Sers."
6397,Jon,Patchface,"May you find happiness with your  betrothed.Under the sea, men marry fishes."
6398,Patchface,Selyse,"They do,  they do, they do."
6399,Patchface,Selyse,Four marriages can be made as simply as three.
6400,Axell,Jon,"I have decided that she shall wed my good and leal knight, Ser  Patrek of Kings Mountain.Has Val been told, Your Grace?"
6401,Axell,Jon,"Amongst the free folk, when a man desires a  woman, he steals her, and thus proves his strength, his cunning, and his courage.The suitor risks a  savage beating if he is caught by the womans kin, and worse than that if she herself finds him  unworthy.A savage custom,"
6402,Patrek,Selyse,No man has ever had cause to question my courage.No woman ever  will.
6403,Jon,Selyse,"Lord Snow, as Lady Val is a stranger to our ways, please send her  to me, that I might instruct her in the duties of a noble lady toward her lord husband."
6404,Jon,Shireen,"As you wish,though if I might speak freely...No, I think not."
6405,Jon,Shireen,Jon Snow.
6406,Jon,Shireen,Lady Melisandre.We must speak.Must we?
6407,Jon,Shireen,"My lady, I have duties.It is those duties I would speak of."
6408,Jon,Shireen,Where is your direwolf?Asleep in my chambers.
6409,Chett,Jon,"And so long as Borroq and his boar are about, I dare not let him loose."
6410,Rattleshirt,Stannis,"That  thing is the size of a bull, with tusks as long as swords.Ghost would go after him if he were loose, and  one or both of them would not survive the meeting.Borroq is the least of your concerns.  "
6411,Rattleshirt,Stannis,  More than half the fleet.Your ships are lost.
6412,Rattleshirt,Stannis,"I have seen that in my fires.Your fires have been known to lie.I have made mistakes, I have admitted as much, but..."
6413,Rattleshirt,Stannis,Where is my sister?All your questions shall be answered.
6414,Jon,Leathers,I am your only hope.A fools hope.
6415,Jon,Leathers,"Toregg has returned,His fathers settled his people at Oakenshield and will be back this afternoon with eighty fighting men.What did the bearded queen have to say?Her Grace can provide no help.Too busy plucking out her chin hairs, is she?"
6416,Jon,Leathers,Makes no matter.Tormunds men  and ours will be enough.
6417,Jon,Leathers,How many men are enough?
6418,Jon,Leathers,A hundred?
6419,Jon,Leathers,A thousand?
6420,Mance,Tormund,There is still much to decide.
6421,Mance,Tormund,"Where can I find Toregg?With the little monster, like as not.Hes taken a liking to one o them milkmaids, I hear."
6422,Gerrick,Jon,"Let them be,I can speak  with Toregg later."
6423,Jon,Mully,Just pray we do not get another storm.
6424,Jon,Mully,"Shouldnt you be inside, out  of this wind?"
6425,Jon,Mully,"Thatd be sweet, mlord,but your wolfs in no mood for company today."
6426,Jon,Mully,"He tried to take a bite o me, he did.Ghost?"
6427,Jon,Mully,"Unless your lordship has some other white wolf, aye."
6428,Jon,Mully,"All wild-like, I mean."
6429,Jon,Satin,"Easy, Ghost,Down."
6430,Jon,Satin,Down.
6431,Jon,Satin,"Snow,Snow, snow, snow."
6432,Mully,Othell,"Bring a flagon of mulled wine as well.Three cups, mlord?Six."
6433,Jon,Satin,So will you.
6434,Jon,Leathers,"Another storm,How are  we to work in this?I need more builders.Use the free folk,"
6435,Jon,Leathers,"More trouble than theyre worth, that lot."
6436,Chett,Jon,"It cant be done.It will be done,or they will live in ruins."
6437,Bowen,Jon,"We have Brogg, Gavin the  Trader, the Great Walrus  Howd Wanderer walks alone, Tormund says, but theres still Harle the  Huntsman, Harle the Handsome, Blind Doss  Ygon Old-father commands a following, but most are his  owns sons and grandsons."
6438,Bowen,Othell,   Bowen Marsh had said. Othell Yarwyck had agreed.
6439,Chett,Jacelyn,Her Grace is wise.
6440,Jon,Tormund,"Is that the only counsel you can offer, my lord?"
6441,Bowen,Tormund,"If we have  women with us, it may put Mother Moles people at ease.Send women, then."
6442,Bowen,Tormund,Is that what my lord wishes to hear?
6443,Bowen,Tormund,"Send them all.The more we lose,  the fewer mouths well have to feed."
6444,Jon,Tormund,"If the wildlings at Hardhome need saving, let the wildlings here  go save them."
6445,Jon,Tormund,"To hear him talk, he can save them all himself  with his huge member."
6446,Jon,Satin,"Thank you for your counsel, my  lords."
6447,Donal,Jon,"Winds from the south,Its blowing  the snow right up against the Wall.See?"
6448,Bowen,Jon,How many men do  we have in ice cells?
6449,Bowen,Jon,Four living men.Two dead ones.
6450,Fulk,Jon,"We  need to dig those cells out.Ten stewards and ten spades should do it,Use Wun Wun too.As you command."
6451,Fulk,Jon,"Those cells will be buried again by morning.Wed best move the prisoners  before they smother.Karstark too, mlord?"
6452,Fulk,Jon,Cant we just leave that one shivering till spring?Would that we could.
6453,Fulk,Jon,Take him to  the Lord Commanders Tower.The undervault should hold him.
6454,Jon,Tormund,What would the lord commander like us to do with his corpses?
6455,Jon,Tormund,Leave them.
6456,Gerrick,Tormund,King o  the Wildlings?
6457,Jon,Tormund,"Har!King o My Hairy Butt Crack, more like.He has a regal look to him,He has a little red cock to go with all that red hair, thats  what he has."
6458,Jon,Tormund,Ever wonder why they called him the Red Raven?
6459,Jon,Tormund,"First to fly the battle, he was."
6460,Chett,Jacelyn, He wiped his nose. squawked Mormonts raven.
6461,Jon,Tormund,Now theres a bird with sense.
6462,Jon,Tormund,"I gave you a son, the least you could do is give me the bloody bird.I would,but like as not youd eat him."
6463,Jon,Tormund,"Eat,Corn?"
6464,Jon,Mully,"Corn?We need to talk about the ranging,I want us to be of one mind at the Shieldhall, we  must...Tell him to leave it with you.I will read it later.As you say, mlord, only  Clydas dont look his proper self  hes more white than pink, if you  get my meaning  and hes shaking.Dark wings, dark words,Isnt that what you kneelers say?We say, Bleed a cold but feast a fever too,We say, Never drink with Dornishmen  when the moon is full.We say a lot of things."
6465,Jon,Mully,"My old grandmother always used to say, Summer friends will melt  away like summer snows, but winter friends are friends forever.I think thats sufficient wisdom for the moment,Show Clydas in if you would  be so good."
6466,Jon,Mully,"I am being foolish, Lord Commander, but  this letter frightens me.See here?"
6467,Jon,Mully,"You were right  to come at once,"
6468,Jon,Tormund,Snow?
6469,Jon,Tormund,You look like your fathers bloody head just rolled out o  that paper.
6470,Jon,Tormund,"Mully, help Clydas back to his chambers."
6471,Jon,Tormund,"Satin, go with them."
6472,Jon,Tormund,"Here, see for yourself."
6473,Jon,Tormund,"Feels nasty  but Tormund  Thunderfist had better things to do than learn to make papers talk at him.They never have any good to  say, now do they?Not often,"
6474,Mance,Tormund,It was sent by Ramsay Snow.Ill read you what he wrote.
6475,Mance,Tormund,Har.
6476,Jon,Rattleshirt,"How, when hundreds saw your red witch burn the man?"
6477,Jon,Rattleshirt,"Melisandre   look to the skies, she said."
6478,Jon,Tormund,A raven in a storm.She saw this coming.
6479,Mance,Tormund,Might be all a skin o lies.
6480,Mance,Tormund,"If I had me a nice goose quill  and a pot o maesters ink, I could write down that me member was long and thick as me arm, wouldnt  make it so.He has Lightbringer."
6481,Jon,Mance,He knows about the  spearwives and their number.
6482,Jon,Mance,"No.There is truth in there.I wont say youre wrong.What do you mean to do, crow?"
6483,Jon,Rory,"I think we had best change the plan,"
6484,Jon,Mully,"With me,"
6485,Jon,Othell,"I summoned you to make plans for the relief of Hardhome,Thousands of  the free folk are gathered there, trapped and starving, and we have had reports of dead things in the  wood."
6486,Jon,Selyse,The ships I sent to  take off Mother Mole and her people have been wracked by storms.We must send what help we can by  land or let them die.
6487,Jon,Melisandre,I had hoped to lead the ranging myself and bring back as many of the free folk as  could survive the journey.
6488,Melisandre,Tormund,But now I find I cannot go to Hardhome.
6489,Jon,Tormund,"I have promised him as many men as he requires.And where will you be, crow?"
6490,Jon,Ramsay,Hiding here in Castle Black with your white  dog?No.I ride south.
6491,Jon,Tormund,"The Nights Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms,It is not for us to oppose the Bastard of Bolton, to avenge  Stannis Baratheon, to defend his widow and his daughter."
6492,Jon,Toregg,The Nights Watch will make for Hardhome. Jon paused. is there any man here who will come stand with me?
6493,Jon,Tormund,"Well spoken, crow."
6494,Jon,Melisandre,"Har!I will send for ale,"
6495,Rory,Selyse,You must excuse me.Ill leave you to get them  drunk.Har!
6496,Jon,Rory,On your way!
6497,Jon,Ramsay,"That come from Hardins  Tower, mlord,"
6498,Jon,Rory,Is it wights?
6499,Jon,Wun,"Let him go,Wun Wun, let him go."
6500,Jon,Patrek,"Form a line,Keep them back.Everyone, but especially the queens  men."
6501,Jon,Patrek,"Leathers, talk to him, calm him."
6502,Jon,Wun,"Put away your steel, were scaring him."
6503,Wick,Wun,No blades!
6504,Wick,Wun,"Wick, put that knife "
6505,Jon,Wick,Why?For the Watch.
6506,Bowen,Jon,For the Watch.
6507,Bowen,Jon,"Ghost,"
6508,Blue,Small,Honored ser.
6509,Missandei,Small,He smiles.
6510,Missandei,Small,Cover him.
6511,Barristan,Missandei,"What will be done with him, ser?He is so  very far from home.Ill see that hes returned to Dorne."
6512,Barristan,Pycelle,"You should go sleep now, child.In your own bed.If this one may be so bold, ser, you should do the same.You do not sleep the whole night  through."
6513,Pycelle,Quentyn,"The nights are too long,"
6514,Pycelle,Quentyn,Go and rest.
6515,Chett,Skahaz,"No,Daenerys is not dead."
6516,Chett,Skahaz,I saw it with mine own  two eyes.
6517,Barristan,Skahaz,"So,the fool is dead, is he?Prince Quentyn died just before first light."
6518,Barristan,Skahaz,Is the council assembled?They await the Hands pleasure below.
6519,Barristan,Skahaz,Has there been any word from the Green Grace?She is not yet returned to the city.
6520,Barristan,Hizdahr,How stands the city?
6521,Barristan,Hizdahr,"All the gates are closed and barred, as  you commanded."
6522,Barristan,Hizdahr,The Great Masters of Yherizan and Uhlez have  abandoned their own pyramids to the dragons.
6523,Barristan,Hizdahr,And the butchers tally?
6524,Barristan,Hizdahr,Nine-and-twenty.Nine-and-twenty?
6525,Chett,Jacelyn,
6526,Hero,Skahaz,"Death to Daenerys was seen  as well, before the rain washed out the words.The blood tax Twenty-nine hundred pieces of gold from each pyramid, aye,It will be  collected  but the loss of a few coins will never stay the Harpys hand.Only blood can do that.So you say."
6527,Hero,Skahaz,"I heard you the  first hundred times.No.Queens Hand,An old womans hand, I am thinking, wrinkled  and feeble.I pray Daenerys returns to us soon."
6528,Hero,Skahaz,"Your council will be growing restless.They are the queens council, not mine."
6529,Barristan,Belwas,Belwas.We are  pleased that you could join us.Whitebeard.
6530,Barristan,Belwas,Where is liver and onions?
6531,Barristan,Belwas,Someone must die.
6532,Barristan,Belwas,"Sit, my friend."
6533,Barristan,Symon,"Quentyn Martell died this morning, just before the dawn."
6534,Barristan,Symon,"The dragonrider.Fool, I call him,"
6535,Barristan,Symon,Speak no ill of the  dead.The prince paid a ghastly price for what he did.And the other Dornish?
6536,Archibald,Barristan,"Prisoners, for the nonce."
6537,Spotted,Symon,"They share a cell.Let them share a gibbet,They unleashed two dragons on the city.Open the pits and give them swords,I will kill them both as all  Meereen shouts out my name.The fighting pits will remain closed,Blood and noise would only serve to call the  dragons.All three, perhaps,The black beast came once, why not again?This time  with our queen."
6538,Barristan,Daenerys,"Her Grace will return when she returns,We have herded a thousand sheep  into the Daznaks Pit, filled the Pit of Ghrazz with bullocks, and the Golden Pit with beasts that Hizdahr  zo Loraq had gathered for his games."
6539,Barristan,Hero,We have more pressing matters to discuss.
6540,Grey Worm,Skahaz,"I expect her back by midday with  their answer.With words,The Stormcrows know the Yunkaii."
6541,Grey Worm,Skahaz,"The Green Grace will come back with worm words, not the captain.If it pleases the Queens Hand to recall, the Wise Masters hold our Hero too,Also the horselord Jhogo, the queens own blood rider.Blood of her blood,He must be freed.The honor of the  khalasar demands it.He shall be freed,but first we must needs wait and see if the Green Grace  can accomplish...The Green Grace will accomplish nothing."
6542,Barristan,Missandei,"What sort of arrangements?Ransom,Each mans weight in gold.The Wise Masters do not need our gold, ser,They are richer than your  Westerosi lords, every one.Their sellswords will want the gold, though."
6543,Barristan,Missandei,"If the Yunkishmen  refuse, it will drive a blade between them and their hirelings."
6544,Missandei,Symon,"I have instructed the Green Grace to  present the offer only when all of the Yunkish commanders have assembled to hear it.They will refuse, even so,They will say they want the dragons  dead, the king restored.I pray that you are wrong."
6545,Barristan,Symon,"Your gods are far away, Ser  Grandfather,I do not think they hear your prayers.And when the Yunkaii send  back the old woman to spit in your eye, what then?Fire and blood,"
6546,Barristan,Belwas,"Better than  liver and onions,You  would break King Hizdahrs peace, old man?I would shatter it."
6547,Barristan,Belwas,We have built a beacon atop the pyramid where once the Harpy stood.
6548,Barristan,Symon,We will destroy our  foes or be destroyed ourselves.
6549,Barristan,Symon,"I have had some  maps prepared to show the dispositions of our foes, their camps and siege lines and trebuchets."
6550,Chett,Symon,"By the time we leave this table, all of us must be of a single mind, with a single  purpose.Best send down for some food and drink, then,This will take a  while."
6551,Grey Worm,Symon,As a slave in Yunkai I helped my master bargain with the free companies and saw to the payment  of their wages.
6552,Barristan,Drogo,Will they join the fight?
6553,Chett,Jacelyn,The dragons will do what the dragons will do.
6554,Barristan,Grey Worm,"These ones will be ready when the beacon fire is  lit.But the Hand must surely know that when we attack, the Yunkaii will kill the hostages.I will do all I can to prevent that, my friend."
6555,Barristan,Grey Worm,It is past  time the Dornishmen heard that their prince is dead.
6556,Barristan,Grey Worm,This one obeys.
6557,Barristan,Gerris,I told him it was folly.
6558,Barristan,Gerris,"He crossed  the world to offer her his love and fealty, and she laughed in his face.She never laughed,If you knew her, you would know that.She spurned him.He offered her his heart, and she threw it back at him and went off to fuck  her sellsword.You had best guard that tongue, ser."
6559,Daenerys,Quentyn,"Prince Quentyns death was his own doing, and yours.Ours?"
6560,Barristan,Quentyn,We owed him our obedience.
6561,Daenerys,Gerris,"He came too late.He offered her his heart,She needed swords, not hearts.He would have given her the spears of Dorne as well.Would that he had."
6562,Barristan,Gerris,"He came too late, though, and this folly  buying sellswords, loosing two  dragons on the city  that was madness and worse than madness.That was treason.What he did he did for love of Queen Daenerys,To prove himself  worthy of her hand."
6563,Barristan,Gerris,What Prince Quentyn did he did for Dorne.
6564,Cletus,Quentyn,"Quentyn was here for dragons, not Daenerys.You did not know him, ser.  "
6565,Cletus,Quentyn,Words wont fetch him back.
6566,Cletus,Quentyn,So shut your bloody mouth before I stick my fist in it.
6567,Cletus,Quentyn,What  do you mean to do with us?Skahaz Shavepate wants you hanged.
6568,Barristan,Cletus,Two  were freedmen who had followed Her Grace since Astapor.
6569,Barristan,Cletus,"The beast men, aye."
6570,Archibald,Barristan,"Dont matter, though, I know that.We were protecting Quentyn,We...Be quiet, Drink.To Ser Barristan the big knight said, So its not that, is it?No."
6571,Archibald,Barristan,"I have more use for you alive than dead.Serve me, and afterward I will arrange a ship to take you back to Dorne and give you Prince Quentyns  bones to return to his lord father."
6572,Archibald,Barristan,Why is it always ships?
6573,Archibald,Quentyn,"What do you ask of us, ser?Your swords.You have thousands of swords.The queens freedmen are as yet unblooded."
6574,Quentyn,Tattered,Not knights.
6575,Quentyn,Tattered,What happened when you tried to take the  dragons?Tell me.
6576,Chett,Jacelyn,
6577,Quentyn,Tattered,"He had Targaryen blood.Blood of the dragon.Yes.The sellswords were supposed to help us get the dragons chained up so we could get them  to the docks.Rags arranged for a ship,A big one, in case we got both dragons.And Quent  was going to ride one."
6578,Quentyn,Tattered,"The moment we got in, though, you could  see none of it was going to work."
6579,Barristan,Gerris,"Then  then things got bad.And the Windblown blew away,Quent was screaming, covered in flames, and  they were gone.Caggo, Pretty Meris, all but the dead one.Ah, what did you expect, Drink?"
6580,Barristan,Gerris,"Just the nature of the beast.Hes not wrong,What did Prince Quentyn promise the Tattered Prince in  return for all this help?"
6581,Archibald,Barristan,"Pentos,He promised him Pentos."
6582,Archibald,Barristan,"No words of yours can help or  harm Prince Quentyn now.Aye,It was Pentos.They made marks on a paper, the two of  them."
6583,Archibald,Barristan,"We still have Windblown in the dungeons.Those feigned deserters.I remember,Hungerford, Straw, that lot."
6584,Archibald,Tattered,What of them?I mean to send them back to the Tattered Prince.
6585,Archibald,Tattered,"Tell him that well  pay his price if he delivers us our hostages, unharmed and whole."
6586,Archibald,Gerris,Rags and Tatters is more like to give the two of us to Pretty Meris.He  wont do it.Why not?The task is simple enough.
6587,Archibald,Gerris,"I once brought the  queens father out of Duskendale.That was Westeros,This is Meereen.Arch cannot even hold a sword with those hands.He ought not need to.You will have the sellswords with you, unless I mistake my man."
6588,Barristan,Gerris,"Might we have some time to  discuss this amongst ourselves?No,Ill do it,just so long as theres no bloody boats  involved."
6589,Barristan,Gerris,"He dont know it yet, but he will."
6590,Barristan,Grazhar,"Bhakaz,A cup of wine, if you would be so good."
6591,Barristan,Grazhar,"Elsewise, I do not  wish to be disturbed."
6592,Barristan,Grazhar,"As you command, Lord Hand."
6593,Galazza,Grazhar,Lord Hand.
6594,Galazza,Grazhar,The Green Grace has come.You  asked to be told.Show her in.And light some candles.
6595,Barristan,Daenerys,"Lord Hand,May  I sit?These bones are old and weary.Grazhar, a chair for the Green Grace."
6596,Barristan,Daenerys,May I offer you refreshment?
6597,Barristan,Daenerys,"That would be most welcome, Ser Barristan."
6598,Barristan,Daenerys,"A juice, perhaps?As you wish."
6599,Galazza,Hizdahr,"If the queen were here, I know she would join me in  thanking you for all that you have done for us.Her Magnificence has always been most gracious."
6600,Galazza,Hizdahr,Have there been any further tidings of our sweet queen?None as yet.I shall pray for her.
6601,Galazza,Hizdahr,"Might I be permitted to see  His Radiance?Soon, I hope.He is unharmed, I promise you.I am pleased to hear that."
6602,Galazza,Hizdahr,"You will not be  surprised to hear that they wish the noble Hizdahr to be restored at once to his rightful place.He shall be, if it can be proved that he did not try to kill our queen."
6603,Galazza,Hizdahr,"We need your wisdom.I fear you flatter me with empty courtesies, Lord Hand,If you truly  think me wise, heed me now.Release the noble Hizdahr and restore him to his throne.Only the queen can do that."
6604,Galazza,Hizdahr,The peace that we worked so hard to forge flutters  like a leaf in an autumn wind.
6605,Barristan,Hizdahr,"My people have lost all hope and turned against the gods themselves, giving over their nights to  drunkenness and fornication.And murder.The Sons of the Harpy slew thirty in the night.I grieve to hear this.All the more reason to free the noble Hizdahr zo Loraq, who stopped such  killings once."
6606,Barristan,Hizdahr,"Her Grace gave her hand to  Hizdahr zo Loraq, made him her king and consort, restored the mortal art as he beseeched her.In return  he gave her poisoned locusts.In return he gave her peace."
6607,Barristan,Hizdahr,He is innocent.How can you be certain?
6608,Barristan,Hizdahr,"The gods of Ghis have told me.My gods are the Seven, and the Seven have been silent on this matter.Your Wisdom, did you  present my offer?To all the lords and captains of Yunkai, as you commanded me  yet I fear you will not like their  answer.They refused?They did."
6609,Barristan,Galazza,Only the blood of dragons  may set them free again.
6610,Barristan,Galazza,"I know these were not the words you wished to hear,Yet for myself, I  understand."
6611,Galazza,Skahaz,"Even your own young queen, fair Daenerys who called herself the Mother of  Dragons  we saw her burning, that day in the pit  even she was not safe from the dragons wroth.Her Grace is not  she  is dead."
6612,Grazhar,Skahaz,Let her  dragons die as well.
6613,Barristan,Galazza,"What is it?The trebuchets,All six."
6614,Barristan,Galazza,"Thus does Yunkai make reply to your offers, ser.I warned you that you  would not like their answer."
6615,Barristan,Galazza,If they  think they will break Meereen by throwing stones...Not stones.
6616,Barristan,Galazza,Corpses.
6617,Daenerys,Drogo,"I need a hat,"
6618,Barristan,Daario,"I will leave my girls with you,Keep them safe for me, beloved."
6619,Barristan,Daario,"They will have heard the talk,Naharis may even have boasted of Your Graces  of your great  regard  for him."
6620,Barristan,Daario,He takes great pride in his  his  swordsmanship.
6621,Daenerys,Drogo,"Men are mad and gods are madder,"
6622,Belwas,Drogo,"Kill it,kill the beast,"
6623,Daenerys,Reznak,"To go north, you must journey south."
6624,Chett,Daenerys,To touch the light you must pass beneath the shadow.Quaithe?
6625,Chett,Daenerys,"Where are you, Quaithe?"
6626,Chett,Daenerys,"Remember who you are, Daenerys,The dragons know.Do you?"
6627,Daenerys,Drogo,"My friend,If I stay close to my friend I wont get lost."
6628,Chett,Daenerys,"I  am lost at sea,so perhaps Ill find some  crabs, or a nice fat fish."
6629,Daenerys,Drogo,"In the khalasar,  they used berries like these to flavor roasts,"
6630,Daenerys,Viserys,"You are dead,"
6631,Daenerys,Viserys,I loved you once.
6632,Chett,Daenerys,You hurt me.You frightened me.
6633,Daenerys,Drogo,You sold me.You betrayed me.
6634,Daenerys,Drogo,"You could have had your crown,My sun-and-stars would have won it for you  if only you had waited."
6635,Daenerys,Drogo,You should have stayed in Pentos with Magister Illyrio.
6636,Daenerys,Drogo,Your mistake.
6637,Drogo,Viserys,You never understood.
6638,Chett,Jacelyn,
6639,Chett,Daenerys,"I am the  blood of the dragon,"
6640,Chett,Daenerys,Drogon killed a little girl.
6641,Chett,Daenerys,I will never  have a little girl.I was the Mother of Dragons.
6642,Daenerys,Moon,"Walk,Follow the stream and it will take you to the Skahazadhan.Thats where Daario will find you."
6643,Daenerys,Jorah,"I am dreaming,A waking  dream, a walking dream.I am alone and lost."
6644,Daenerys,Jorah,"You betrayed me.You informed on me, for gold."
6645,Daenerys,Jorah,And me.You wanted me.
6646,Daenerys,Jorah,You kissed me.
6647,Daenerys,Jorah,"You sold  me to my enemies, but you meant it when you kissed me."
6648,Daenerys,Jorah,I had to take Meereen or see my children starve along the march.
6649,Daenerys,Jorah,I  had to take Meereen to feed my people.
6650,Daenerys,Jorah,To be a queen.
6651,Daenerys,Jorah,"It is such a long way,I was tired,  Jorah."
6652,Daenerys,Jorah,I am only a  young girl.
6653,Daenerys,Jorah,"Fire and Blood,"
6654,Daario,Daenerys,"Aggo,Jhogo.Rakharo."
6655,Daenerys,Drogo,"To go forward I must go back,"
6656,Chett,Jacelyn, the Knight of Griffins Roost declared.
6657,Kevan,Ronnet,"So you say, ser.Words are wind.Then let me prove the truth of them with my sword."
6658,Conn,Ronnet,"Send me against my uncle, and I will bring you  back his head, and the head of this false dragon too."
6659,Cersei,Mace,We shall deal with your uncle and his feigned boy in due time.
6660,Kevan,Mace,You will bide here  until we are ready to march.Then you shall have the chance to prove your loyalty.
6661,Conn,Kevan,"Escort Ser Ronnet back to his chambers,"
6662,Conn,Pycelle,His uncle once stood just where the boy was standing now and told King Aerys how  he would deliver him the head of Robert Baratheon.
6663,Gregor,Kevan,How many men-at-arms accompanied Ser Ronnet  to the city?
6664,Gregor,Kevan,"Twenty,"
6665,Conn,Mace,"The Wall is  where such scum belong.A dog takes after its master,Black cloaks would suit them, I agree.I will  not suffer such men in the city watch."
6666,Qyburn,Randyll,"Gregors men were  always fighters,and we may have need of every sword against these  sellswords.If this truly is the Golden Company, as Qyburns whisperers insist...Call them what you will,They are still no more than adventurers.Perhaps,But the longer we ignore these adventurers, the stronger they grow."
6667,Kevan,Randyll,Grand Maester?
6668,Kevan,Pycelle,Here.
6669,Mace,Randyll,Here and here.
6670,Mace,Randyll,"And now we have reports that Connington is  moving on Storms End.If it is Jon Connington,Storms End."
6671,Aegon,Mace,He cannot take Storms End.
6672,Aegon,Stannis,I shall  recapture it after my daughters innocence is proved.
6673,Margaery,Stannis,"I understand, my  lord, but...These charges against my daughter are filthy lies."
6674,Margaery,Randyll,"Have King Tommen declare my daughter innocent, ser, and put  an end to the foolishness here and now."
6675,Margaery,Randyll,"No man doubts your  daughters innocence, my lord,but His High Holiness insists upon a trial."
6676,Kevan,Randyll,"What have we become, when kings and high lords must dance to the  twittering of sparrows?We have foes on every hand, Lord Tarly,Stannis in the north,  ironmen in the west, sellswords in the south."
6677,Mace,Stannis,"If we are seen to be going against the gods, it will only drive the  pious into the arms of one or the other of these would-be usurpers."
6678,Mace,Stannis,"Once Paxter Redwyne sweeps the ironmen from the seas, my  sons will retake the Shields."
6679,Conn,Stannis,"   Lord Randyll said.  Tyrell repeated, "
6680,Jon,Kevan,The realm is well rid of  such fools.
6681,Robert,Tywin,"Too soon,Connington is too young, too bold, too eager for glory."
6682,Kevan,Randyll,"Connington may have more than the Golden Company.It is said he has a Targaryen  pretender.A feigned boy is what he has,That may be.Or not."
6683,Aegon,Tywin,We have these tales coming from the  east as well.
6684,Aegon,Mace,"Daenerys Stormborn.As mad as her father,"
6685,Mace,Pycelle,"Mad she may be,but with so much smoke drifting west, surely there  must be some fire burning in the east."
6686,Mace,Pycelle,Dragons.
6687,Aegon,Mace,"A silver-haired queen with three dragons.At the far end of the world,Queen of Slavers Bay, aye.She is welcome to  it.On that we can agree,but the girl is of the blood of Aegon the Conqueror,  and I do not think she will be content to remain in Meereen forever."
6688,Mace,Pycelle,"I mean to do just that, ser.After the trials.Sellswords fight for coin,With enough gold, we might  persuade the Golden Company to hand over Lord Connington and the pretender.Aye, if we had gold,Alas, my lords, our vaults contain only rats and  roaches."
6689,Harys,Kevan,   said Ser Kevan.
6690,Harys,Randyll,"If  that fails, you may well need to go to Braavos, to treat with the Iron Bank yourself."
6691,Harys,Randyll,"Must I?You are the master of coin,I am."
6692,Mace,Randyll,"Must I remind my lord, this trouble is not of my doing?And not all  of us have had the opportunity to refill our coffers with the plunder of Maidenpool and Dragonstone.I resent your implication, Swyft,No wealth was found on  Dragonstone, I promise you."
6693,Kevan,Loras,Nor any sign of this fabled hoard of dragon  eggs.
6694,Mace,Randyll,"If there was wealth on Dragonstone, Stannis would have found it,Let us move along, my lords."
6695,Mace,Randyll,Ser Robert Strong will champion her.The silent giant.
6696,Mace,Randyll,"Tell me, ser, where did this man come from?"
6697,Mace,Randyll,Why have we never heard his name before?
6698,Mace,Meryn,Do we know for a certainty that he is even a knight?
6699,Mace,Qyburn,"His Grace  named Ser Robert to the Kingsguard,"
6700,Qyburn,Robert,"If Tommen ceases to be a king,  Margaery will cease to be a queen."
6701,Qyburn,Robert,"Whatever Cersei may have  done, she is still a daughter of the Rock, of mine own blood."
6702,Cersei,Tommen,Let that suffice.
6703,Kevan,Mace,"My niece will  make no further mischief,You have my word on that, my lord."
6704,Kevan,Mace,"As you say.My Margaery prefers to be tried by the Faith, so the  whole realm can bear witness to her innocence."
6705,Kevan,Pycelle,"Soon, I hope,Is there aught else?"
6706,Mace,Pycelle,"We should address the Rosby inheritance.  What else?Preparations should be made for Princess Myrcella.This is what comes of dealing with the Dornish,Surely a better match can  be found for the girl?"
6707,Harys,Willas,"No doubt,but we have enemies enough without offending Dorne. Ser Harys Swyft  said with an irritating titter."
6708,Harys,Kevan,"Thank you, my lords."
6709,Kevan,Mace,After Cerseis trial.As you say.May the Warrior lend strength to Ser Roberts arms.
6710,Harys,Pycelle,"Lord Tyrell loves me not,This matter of the moon tea  I would never have spoken of such, but the Queen Dowager  commanded me!If it please the Lord Regent, I would sleep more soundly if you could lend me some of  your guards.Lord Tyrell might take that amiss."
6711,Harys,Kevan,I am in need of guards myself.These are perilous  times.
6712,Kevan,Mace,"Hire the Mountains men,Red Ronnet will have no further use for  them."
6713,Harys,Kevan,Have you ever felt such cold?
6714,Harys,Kevan,"The time to speak of the cold,is not when we are standing out in  it."
6715,Harys,Kevan,"I put no faith in these Myrish  bankers,You had best prepare to go to Braavos."
6716,Cersei,Harys,"If I must.But I say again, this trouble is not of my  doing.No."
6717,Harys,Kevan,Should I send her to  Braavos?
6718,Harys,Kevan,Her Grace  that  that That was a jape.
6719,Harys,Kevan,I mean to do the  same.
6720,Cersei,Kevan,"A cup of mulled wine would go  down well,See to it."
6721,Kevan,Tywin,"It had to be,"
6722,Cersei,Kevan,Dear uncle.It is so good of you to sup with us.
6723,Cersei,Kevan,"Come, sit,Will you have wine?A cup."
6724,Cersei,Kevan,"Tommen tells me that Lord Tyrell  intends to rebuild the Tower of the Hand,"
6725,Cersei,Kevan,"The new tower will be twice as tall as the one you burned, he says."
6726,Cersei,Kevan,"Long lances, tall towers  is Lord Tyrell hinting at something?"
6727,Chett,Jacelyn,
6728,Kevan,Taena,"Tommen needs other boys  about him, friends of noble birth."
6729,Cersei,Taena,"I will send  for her after the trial,"
6730,Cersei,Kevan,"The bad cat was outside my window last night,but Ser Pounce  hissed at him and he ran off across the roofs.The bad cat?"
6731,Cersei,Kevan,"An old black tomcat with a torn ear,A filthy thing, and foul-tempered.He clawed Joffreys hand once."
6732,Cersei,Kevan,"The  cats keep the rats down, I know, but that one  hes been known to attack ravens in the rookery.I will ask the ratters to set a trap for him."
6733,Cersei,Kevan,"You have not asked about your brother,"
6734,Cersei,Kevan,Jaime?Have you had word?None.  
6735,Cersei,Tommen,He would not go  without me.
6736,Cersei,Tommen,"Tyrion can leave whenever he wishes.You have had no word of  him either, I suppose.No one has tried to sell us a dwarfs head of late, no."
6737,Cersei,Tommen,"Uncle, may I ask you a question?Whatever you wish.Your wife  do you mean to bring her to court?No."
6738,Cersei,Tommen,My lady wife mislikes travel.Lannisport is her place.It is a wise woman who knows her place.
6739,Cersei,Tommen,Say what you mean.I thought I did.
6740,Boros,Cersei,"Osneys brothers will not stand by idly and watch him die,I did not expect that they would.Ive had the both of them arrested."
6741,Cersei,Robert,For what crime?Fornication with a queen.His High Holiness says that you confessed to bedding both of  them...had you forgotten?
6742,Cersei,Robert,"No.What will you do with them?The Wall, if they admit their guilt."
6743,Cersei,Robert,Such men should  never have been raised so high.
6744,Cersei,Robert,"I  I misjudged them.You misjudged a good many men, it seems.My lord, my lady, I am sorry to intrude, but there is a boy below."
6745,Cersei,Kevan,"It might be news of Jaime,"
6746,Kevan,Maegor,Pray excuse me.
6747,Kevan,Maegor,"Go find a fire, lad,I know the way to the rookery well enough."
6748,Kevan,Pycelle,"The Grand Maester is  expecting me,"
6749,Chett,Kevan,"Winter,"
6750,Kevan,Pycelle,"Pycelle,Help me  I "
6751,Cersei,Kevan,Tyrion?
6752,Cersei,Kevan,"Where  ?Far away,"
6753,Cersei,Kevan,Varys?
6754,Cersei,Kevan,Ser Kevan.
6755,Cersei,Tommen,For the children.
6756,Kevan,Tommen,"There are  there are hundreds of Lannister guardsmen in this castle.But none in this room, thankfully."
6757,Chett,Jacelyn,
6758,Kevan,Varys,"Are you cold, my lord?"
6759,Kevan,Varys,"Do  forgive me.The Grand Maester befouled himself in dying, and the stink was so abominable that I  thought I might choke."
6760,Kevan,Tywin,I thought the crossbow fitting.
6761,Aegon,Tywin,"Doubt, division, and  mistrust will eat the very ground beneath your boy king, whilst Aegon raises his banner above Storms  End and the lords of the realm gather round him.Aegon?"
6762,Aegon,Tywin,Dead.Hes dead.No.
6763,Aegon,Tywin,He is here.
6764,Kevan,Tommen,"Aegon knows  that kingship is his duty, that a king must put his people first, and live and rule for them."
6765,Kevan,Varys,I am sorry.
6766,Kevan,Varys,"You are suffering, I know, yet here I stand going on like  some silly old woman.Time to make an end to it."
6767,Baelor,Osfryd,"sparrows,"
6768,Chett,Shireen,"the wildling prince,the abomination,"
6769,Dalla,Jon,"the wildling princess,"
